
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 407024                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40433                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32804.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13352320695                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206588265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        54144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        55168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        52864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               602496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41592036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               454231353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37249480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         152471965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              152471965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         152471965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40820026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     40627024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41592036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39855014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              606703318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         230339                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24396                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94543                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88064                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2203874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1316062                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            230339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       111192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              287899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       215410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          137414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2464512     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30814      1.12%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          35812      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19408      0.71%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.80%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12894      0.47%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8549      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22385      0.81%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         135981      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2752411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.072415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.413747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2184813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       235127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          285325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2288                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1604013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2188810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44222                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       180474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          283663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1601657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2227984                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7454034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1869400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         358564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           30113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597425                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       218223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2120912     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253665      9.22%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136746      4.97%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94653      3.44%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82227      2.99%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42083      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10498      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5024      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2752411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           428     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1505     43.92%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255926     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23477      1.57%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138307      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81948      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.471524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5757648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473235                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         38741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597849                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129853                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             211757                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         205824                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81904                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.464148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1473324                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1473235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          876647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2294418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.463160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346619                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156953     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255606      9.44%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107349      3.96%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63951      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44063      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28818      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15342      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11772      0.43%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23708      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2707562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1097857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1346619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               204031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              123786                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           192525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1214187                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27382                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23708                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4281718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3240599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35988                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1346619                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1097857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.897313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.897313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.345147                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.345147                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6658387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2047624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1497051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         276090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29370                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2399554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1516268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            276090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       128129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              315056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         75548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       194828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          150507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2646087     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          19033      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          24128      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          38502      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          15842      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20730      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          24015      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11201      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         161605      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2388577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       210728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          313440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        41660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1852566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2391541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       195892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          310605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1840086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2571044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8554452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8554452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2119131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         451904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       174088                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        88984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        20064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1794515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1709964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2150                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2237443     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329198     11.12%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134895      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76450      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101963      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32435      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31031      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16411      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1317      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11829     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1651     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1533     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1440935     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23158      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157147      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88514      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1709964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.537583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6398234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2033145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1724977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1794956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174088                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        30660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1679377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             242795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         236842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            88477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.527967                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1663840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1663802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          997162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2680519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1232627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1518675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        26881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2269576     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326332     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118453      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58741      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53895      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22707      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22485      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10643      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30086      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1232627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1518675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               225067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              137660                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           220102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1367285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        31328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4677786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3638174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 38307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                219692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1518675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.580533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.580533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7554007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2327517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1711285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         244728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24843                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1370711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            244728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       118787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              284692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         70928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       123332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          145244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2801467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2516775     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          13239      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20558      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          27785      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          29198      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          24807      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          13302      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20954      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         134849      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2801467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.076938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2324097                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          283993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        40173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1680157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2330897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       112452                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          277624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        15086                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1678487                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2343127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7804344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7804344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1998187                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         344925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           46780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       157957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        84250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        22452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1675037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579834                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2801467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2131739     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276830      9.88%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139706      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104263      3.72%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81674      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33478      1.20%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21227      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11045      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1505      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2801467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1007     36.13%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329037     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23535      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143228      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83838      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579834                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2787                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5964256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880128                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582621                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        44820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         16936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1568                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1349                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        28848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             218399                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         220539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            83819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.489342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1554232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1554154                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          892962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2405606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.488599                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371200                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164661                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242331                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        25675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2756647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2166468     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293602     10.65%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109862      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52322      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45625      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25573      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21545      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10004      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31646      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2756647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1164661                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1433123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              129850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           206618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1291247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        29508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4400442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3395749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 37415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                379368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1164661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1433123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1164661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.731125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.731125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.366149                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.366149                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7004258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2166831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1556850                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180830                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         244721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99665                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2348319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1370656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            244721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       118783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              284682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         70927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       128055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          145240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2806109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2521427     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          13239      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20557      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          27785      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          29197      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          24807      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          13301      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20953      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         134843      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2806109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.076936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2324024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       152869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          283984                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        40172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1680098                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2330825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       118626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          277614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        15087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1678424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2343046                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7804043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7804043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1998125                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         344921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           46784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       157953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        84246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        22449                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1674981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1579776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2806109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2136411     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276818      9.86%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139695      4.98%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104260      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81672      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33474      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21229      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11044      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1506      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2806109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1007     36.15%     48.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1447     51.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1328986     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23535      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143225      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83834      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1579776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.496655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001764                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5968782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1880075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1582562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28106                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        44819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15490                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1675394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          208                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14884                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        28848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556459                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             218392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         220533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            83815                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.489325                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1554175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1554097                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          892932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2405506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.488582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        25675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2761290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2171137     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293587     10.63%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109856      3.98%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52320      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45623      1.65%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25573      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21545      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10004      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31645      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2761290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1164622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1433074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               212481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              129847                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           206613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1291201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        29507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4405040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3395646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 37416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                374721                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1164622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1433074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1164622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.731212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.731212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.366138                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.366138                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7004002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2166758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1556788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         223248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2315016                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1266884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            223248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       152283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              280425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        79915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          141463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2438554     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41243      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21955      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40707      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13625      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37581      1.38%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6090      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10602      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         108622      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2281826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       113911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          279696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        22163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1424526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2285840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         76257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        25713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          275939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1421677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         9781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1871558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6453956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6453956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1491834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         379720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       249635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        43184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       270026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       574489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144748     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185076      6.81%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186973      6.88%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109258      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58842      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15528      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17780      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2372     57.53%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.53%     81.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          781     18.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032692     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10690      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       226236     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42547      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.412552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1682631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1721                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         61266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             264967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         195871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            42522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.406683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1277488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1276935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          771688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1710986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.401446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.451019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1007990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249201     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168693      6.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107788      4.03%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33632      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55455      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11412      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7362      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6540      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35699      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1007990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1139589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               237664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              196201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           174760                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          997033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4052733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2868561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 52643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                461856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1139589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.155622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.155622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6000245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1670981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1499371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         230404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2194322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1313655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            230404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              287403                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       209847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          136809                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2737119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2449716     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30666      1.12%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          35844      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19346      0.71%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22056      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12895      0.47%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8558      0.31%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22250      0.81%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         135788      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2737119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072435                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.412991                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2175597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       229254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          284750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37246                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1601175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2179626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         60969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       157778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          283100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1598806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2222924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7439651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7439651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1860942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         361982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           30297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1594477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1494307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2737119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2108306     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       252525      9.23%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136084      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94039      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81958      2.99%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42136      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10490      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6603      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4978      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2737119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1501     44.07%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1481     43.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251218     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23344      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138040      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81523      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1494307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.469785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5731468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467581                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1497713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        45168                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         55333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594886                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14171                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470920                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             210959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205093                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            81488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462432                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1467674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1467581                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          872926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2285852                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1340533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2691951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2143918     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254399      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106898      3.97%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63541      2.36%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43932      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28612      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15226      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11829      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23596      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2691951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1092843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1340533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               203108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              123234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1208653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27256                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4263301                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3235065                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 35835                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                443716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1340533                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1092843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.910606                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.910606                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.343571                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.343571                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6633019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2039218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1493754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         222915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2311020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1264017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            222915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       152130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              280077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         63015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        78280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          141295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2712969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2432892     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          41444      1.53%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21936      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          40754      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13501      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          37554      1.38%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6082      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10446      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         108360      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2712969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.397385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2278052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       112054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          279351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        22126                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1420949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2282065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         72165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        28053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          275577                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11940                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1418030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         9640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1866547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6436164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6436164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1487123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         379420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25565                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       249059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        43015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2712969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140257     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184528      6.80%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186471      6.87%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109174      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58566      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15564      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17617      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          369      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2712969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2391     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          969     23.43%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030027     78.71%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10603      0.81%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225581     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42384      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.411430                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5335927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         57137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        20439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             264310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         195493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            42358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.405537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1274028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1273459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          769817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1704921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.400354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.451526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2669806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2244622     84.07%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168138      6.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107429      4.02%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33419      1.25%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55366      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11353      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7290      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6488      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35701      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2669806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1005268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1136246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               237193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              195910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           174286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          994028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        35701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4042871                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2860755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 52558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                467866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1005268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1136246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1005268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.164166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.164166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.316039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.316039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5983783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1666300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1496097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         213820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2252734                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1340643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            213820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        85939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              264278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         41980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       342556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          131049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2888070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2623792     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9089      0.31%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19278      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8110      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          43016      1.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          38884      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7388      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          15903      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         122610      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2888070                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.421475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2230542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       365246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          263072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        18936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1571391                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2234263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        332864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        21885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          260584                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        10186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1569094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          112                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1851426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7383009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7383009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1599980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         251434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27091                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       366448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       183868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1728                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       354226                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2888070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2351481     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164668      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132195      4.58%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57940      2.01%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71794      2.49%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66850      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38214      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3097      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1831      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2888070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3685     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28146     86.16%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939030     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12962      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354716     23.81%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183119     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5901697                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475174                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1522582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1876                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        28279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        323287                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1811                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11784                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             536476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         193604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           183074                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464699                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1475286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1475174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          798431                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1580904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463769                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       168349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2859791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2350311     82.18%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188555      6.59%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87271      3.05%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85686      3.00%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23829      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97483      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7606      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5510      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13540      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2859791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1187244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1395412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               529970                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              347978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           184376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1240849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        13563                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        13540                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4409999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3155821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 49643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                292765                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1395412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1187244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.679175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.679175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7297423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1719106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1860778                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         211631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13132                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2241781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1329703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            211631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        85490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              262195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         41827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       326156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          130452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2596306     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9135      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18926      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8005      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          42867      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          38777      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7444      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          15611      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         121430      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2858501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.066533                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.418036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2216621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       351787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          261022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        18725                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1558269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2220301                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        301074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        39616                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          258583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        10773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1556048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         5115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1832604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7324172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7324172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1584293                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         248311                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           27547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       365589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       183515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1550693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1478807                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       347510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325435     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164087      5.74%     87.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131636      4.61%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56860      1.99%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70934      2.48%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66815      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37852      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3111      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1771      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3615     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28167     86.42%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          813      2.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       929396     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12794      0.87%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353897     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182633     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1478807                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.464912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022041                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5849983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1694288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464018                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1511402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        28145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        292727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1550900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8035                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        14946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1466961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352501                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             535087                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         191866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           182586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.461187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1464119                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1464018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          791930                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1564595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.460262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1178142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2325156     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186640      6.59%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86790      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84942      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23361      0.83%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97302      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7400      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5401      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13364      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2830356                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1178142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1384119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               528306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              346953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           182714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1230688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        13364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4367969                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3130136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 49736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                322334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1384119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1178142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.699874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.699874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.370388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.370388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7248070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1703165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1848686                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         214049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13069                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84241                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2254103                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1340855                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            214049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        86153                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              264510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         41823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       331596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          131063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2878638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2614128     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9232      0.32%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19430      0.67%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7981      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          43078      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          38930      1.35%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7450      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15742      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         122667      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2878638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067293                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.421542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2233062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       353129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          263280                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19066                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1571651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2236552                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        318310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        24549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          261011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        10002                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1569408                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          211                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1851018                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7385196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7385196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1601047                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         249881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       366666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       184164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1765                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490620                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       353953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2878638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2341817     81.35%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164563      5.72%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132870      4.62%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57813      2.01%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71060      2.47%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67247      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38306      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3129      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1833      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2878638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3718     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28304     86.14%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          838      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939248     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13015      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354988     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183281     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490620                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.468625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022045                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5894066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475596                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1523480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        28205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        311469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1564134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1692                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6813                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        15006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11941                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             536877                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         193701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           183225                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.464871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1475712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1475596                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          798874                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1581265                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.463902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1188018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1396277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        13117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2850433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2340687     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188339      6.61%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87826      3.08%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85820      3.01%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23376      0.82%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97766      3.43%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7516      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5428      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13675      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2850433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1188018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1396277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               530132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              348087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           184510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1241616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        13675                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4400981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3156758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 49871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                302197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1188018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1396277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1188018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.677430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.677430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7300333                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1719320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1861244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         275514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229499                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108101                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2392665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1513270                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            275514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       127663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              314355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         75443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       202634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          150142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25489                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2959767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2645412     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          19011      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          23967      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          38461      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          15739      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20736      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          23968      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          11263      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         161210      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2959767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086617                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2380031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       218618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          312733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        41666                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1848743                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2383030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       203638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          309862                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1836235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2565358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8535379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8535379                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2112055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         453303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26318                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       173553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        88861                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        20138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1790184                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1705403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2959767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2238075     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328411     11.10%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134521      4.54%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76045      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101603      3.43%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32230      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31225      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16353      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1304      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2959767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11811     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1644     10.97%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1437077     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23073      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156644      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88400      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1705403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536149                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14982                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6387721                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2029161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659181                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1720385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        48202                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1790625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88861                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        30557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1674644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             242142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         236186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            88363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.526479                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659219                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          994055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2671626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521618                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1228497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1513529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        26799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2911565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2270361     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325413     11.18%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117942      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58504      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53644      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22645      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22434      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10661      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29961      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2911565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1228497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1513529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               224277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              137179                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           219324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1362666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        31216                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        29961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4672237                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3629500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 38227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                221068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1228497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1513529                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1228497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.589209                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.589209                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.386218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.386218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7532468                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2320777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1707863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3179929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         176298                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72014                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          797                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1706358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1042145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            176298                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        84507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              213721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         58623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       206947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          106558                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18601                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2167977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1954256     90.14%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11194      0.52%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17968      0.83%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          26830      1.24%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11278      0.52%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          13309      0.61%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          13809      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9883      0.46%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         109450      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2167977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.055441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.327726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1684669                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       231055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          211965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        28589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1262615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1689306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         86247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       129563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          208789                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1259227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1722278                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5869507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5869507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1417580                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         304626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           41234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       128090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        70719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1255055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1169689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2167977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667891     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203803      9.40%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112136      5.17%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73711      3.40%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66713      3.08%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20397      0.94%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14910      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5144      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2167977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           302     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1237     43.31%     53.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     46.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       962741     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21459      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116217      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69143      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1169689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.367835                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4512195                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1448956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1148102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1172545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5582                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4929                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          903                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        38899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         66210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1255383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          193                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1109                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10071                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        21591                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1152640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             179187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         156654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            69029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.362474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1148239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1148102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          679238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1723008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.361046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       849648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1036209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219749                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2129078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1709278     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200143      9.40%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82790      3.89%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42363      1.99%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31753      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18081      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11056      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9268      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24346      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2129078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       849648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1036209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               166345                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              100568                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           144181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          936563                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        20219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3360677                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2550908                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 30847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1011952                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1036209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       849648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.742643                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.742643                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.267191                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.267191                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5231000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1568192                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1197179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2222917                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1327161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       112183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              290411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         70613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       201103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          138593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2760014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2469603     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          31099      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          36157      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          19599      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22238      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12997      0.47%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8626      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          22577      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137118      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2760014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2203779                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       220900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          287817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        37654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1617693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2145                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2207800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         41186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       169229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          286148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        10440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1615344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2247093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7517806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7517806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1885842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         361246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          422                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          237                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           30286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       154454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        83456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2059                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1512844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2760014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2123085     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255776      9.27%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137953      5.00%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95504      3.46%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82925      3.00%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42460      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10587      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6664      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5060      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2760014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           430     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1511     43.90%     56.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1501     43.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266901     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23669      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139467      9.22%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82623      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1512844                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.475612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5791288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831361                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1486021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        45203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         35683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1510                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1611520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           92                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14354                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        27881                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1489174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             213524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         207667                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            82579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.468171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1486110                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1486021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          884216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2314656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.467180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382008                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1107389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1358409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253139                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24602                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2714811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.315670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2159407     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257771      9.49%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108331      3.99%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64529      2.38%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44427      1.64%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29089      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15473      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11874      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23910      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2714811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1107389                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1358409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               205779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              124862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           194268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1224757                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27620                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        23910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4302449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3268308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                420821                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1107389                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1358409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1107389                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.872374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.872374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6715865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2065472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1509628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210993                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189984                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2234964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1326012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210993                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        85192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              261464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         41625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       327805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          130055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12933                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2852463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2590999     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18698      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7931      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          42911      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          38711      1.36%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7423      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15508      0.54%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         121124      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2852463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.066333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2209022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       354227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        18651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1554085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2212731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        307407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        35431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          257830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1551864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         5395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          127                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1826475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7305008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7305008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1579774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         246678                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           27884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       365206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       183273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1546539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1474960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142226                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346572                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2852463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2320815     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163667      5.74%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131486      4.61%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56376      1.98%     93.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70678      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66794      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37787      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3091      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1769      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2852463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3602     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28151     86.43%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          816      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       926131     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12744      0.86%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353591     23.97%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182408     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1474960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.463702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022081                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5836177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1689024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1460256                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1507529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        28006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        298735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1546742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          107                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1653                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        14919                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             534525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         191367                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           182363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.460005                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1460368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1460256                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          789526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1559132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.459079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1175463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1380954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13123                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2824457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2320590     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186013      6.59%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86720      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        84712      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23099      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97146      3.44%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7401      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5375      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13401      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2824457                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1175463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1380954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               527842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              346665                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                88                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1227857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        13401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4357851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3121655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 49619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                328372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1380954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1175463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.706027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.706027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.369545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.369545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7230980                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1697747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1844497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         244494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99547                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2346424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1369481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            244494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       118691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              284489                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         71044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       119893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          145158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2795968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2511479     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          13227      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20590      0.74%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          27772      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          29215      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          24704      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          13228      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20917      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         134836      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2795968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.076865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2322098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       144742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          283781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          413                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        40094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1678906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2328893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         20175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       109473                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          277426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        15068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1677218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2341173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7798606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7798606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1995518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         345655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           46797                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       157952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        84166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        22393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1673735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1578004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       499682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2795968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2126925     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276652      9.89%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139475      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104175      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81654      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33341      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21200      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11012      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2795968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.90%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          998     36.00%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1444     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1327557     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23471      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143059      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83721      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1578004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.496097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2772                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5955172                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1879580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1552230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1580776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        44928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         16516                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1565                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1674149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14878                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        28886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1554587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134378                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             218081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         220229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            83703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.488736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1552306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1552230                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          891956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2403359                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.487995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1163111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1431213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        25684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2161583     78.57%     78.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293311     10.66%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109702      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52265      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45493      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25538      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21565      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10013      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31570      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1163111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1431213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              129678                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           206358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1289521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        29471                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4393621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3393266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 37407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                384867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1163111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1431213                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1163111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.734765                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.734765                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.365662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.365662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6995585                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2164226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1555345                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229282961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772604.519824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906256.762846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772604.519824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906256.762846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772604.519824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906256.762846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.319633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.011836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.178561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   122.346637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1835.782600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.059740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.896378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187493137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     202460749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      203842988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14967612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    188875376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     203842988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 825960.955947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836614.665289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1382239                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 997840.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 828400.771930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838860.032922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    167560923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181210837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168855362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182505276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13649914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168855362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182505276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 738153.845815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748805.111570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1294439                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740593.692982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751050.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 909994.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 740593.692982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 751050.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.257121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.059908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    53.471981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1934.309168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.944487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      200419599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.542966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.404321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.071380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    77.279568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1926.787697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.037734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.940814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41452216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125283014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     166735230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41452216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125283014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      166735230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41452216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    125283014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     166735230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1594316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840825.597315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952772.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1594316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840825.597315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952772.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1594316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840825.597315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952772.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39169416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112198566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151367982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39169416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112198566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151367982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39169416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112198566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151367982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1506516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753010.510067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864959.897143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1506516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753010.510067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864959.897143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1506516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753010.510067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864959.897143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.544948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.407292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.065944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    77.382689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1926.689022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.037785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.940766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124732298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163667574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124732298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      163667574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38935276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    124732298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     163667574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837129.516779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935243.280000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837129.516779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935243.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1497510.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 837129.516779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935243.280000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111647137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148298988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111647137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148298988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     36651851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    111647137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148298988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749309.644295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847422.788571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749309.644295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847422.788571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1409686.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 749309.644295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847422.788571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.372792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          78429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        34.099565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.513853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   119.636112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1882.898391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.058416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.919384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      243616930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.316555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.029343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.814687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   121.884601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1836.587924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.059514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.896771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    193054125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     209328994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194418683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      210693552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16274869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    194418683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     210693552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 846728.618421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864995.842975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1364558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848989.882096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867051.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1162490.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848989.882096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867051.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    173028982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188073697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174305740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189350455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15044715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    174305740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189350455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 758899.043860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777164.037190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1276758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761160.436681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779219.979424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1074622.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 761160.436681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779219.979424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.379764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.332918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.472862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   118.554715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1884.019269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.057888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.919931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189401950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245151480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189401950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      245151480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189401950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     245151480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841786.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 976699.123506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841786.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 976699.123506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841786.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 976699.123506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169645070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223110833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169645070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223110833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169645070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223110833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753978.088889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888887.780876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753978.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888887.780876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753978.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888887.780876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          449                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.603271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         127564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        51.086904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.555708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.776116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   212.654169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1804.617278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.012098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.103835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.881161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 449                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    416238975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     494260476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417741584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      495763085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78021501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    417741584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     495763085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 986348.281991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103259.991071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1502609                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987568.756501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104149.409800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3000826.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987568.756501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104149.409800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    379182106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454920807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380596915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456335616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75738701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380596915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456335616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.468439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 898535.796209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015448.229911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1414809                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899756.300236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016337.674833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2913026.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 899756.300236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016337.674833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          448                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        51.105769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.519493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   210.951981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1805.575812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.012461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.103004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.881629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 448                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420391505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     477758777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      480172477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57367272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    422805205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     480172477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1000932.154762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068811.581655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2124713.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1004287.897862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1071813.564732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    383367114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438355046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440680946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54987932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    385693014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440680946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.468298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 912778.842857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980660.058166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916135.425178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983662.825893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2036590.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 916135.425178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983662.825893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          457                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.603448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         127568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        50.925349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.555198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.691397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   214.998892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1802.357962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.012056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.104980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.880058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 157                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          484                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   485                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 459                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    412886362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     478392950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2413721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    415300083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      480806671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65506588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    415300083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     480806671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             157                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.486716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.486229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.486229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 955755.467593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044526.091703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2413721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959122.593533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1047509.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2519484.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 959122.593533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1047509.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 95                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      95                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    375132362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438356150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2325921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377458283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440682071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63223788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377458283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440682071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.472192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868361.949074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957109.497817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2325921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325921                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871728.136259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960091.657952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2431684.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 871728.136259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960091.657952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.258272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.418465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.012102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    53.251247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1934.576458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.009283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.944617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111561447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100384891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211946338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111561447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100384891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      211946338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111561447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    100384891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     211946338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4131905.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024335.622449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695570.704000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4131905.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024335.622449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1695570.704000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4131905.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1024335.622449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1695570.704000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109190088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91776833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200966921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109190088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91776833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200966921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    109190088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     91776833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200966921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4044077.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936498.295918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607735.368000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4044077.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936498.295918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607735.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4044077.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 936498.295918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607735.368000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          654                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2043.379762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          96472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        35.783383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.390262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.052440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   265.445275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1627.491786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.129612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.794674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.997744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   397                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    575664517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     646126256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65417822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65417822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641082339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      711544078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70461739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641082339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     711544078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.587435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.597760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1026139.959002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1100726.160136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 991179.121212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991179.121212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1022459.870813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1089654.024502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2710066.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1022459.870813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1089654.024502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     354                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    526493368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    594671906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     59621717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59621717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    586115085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654293623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68178538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    586115085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654293623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.587435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.612903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 938490.852050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013069.686542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 903359.348485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903359.348485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934792.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001981.045942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2622251.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934792.799043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001981.045942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.330125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          74.998550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.182815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   123.294868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1834.853893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.060203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.895925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    179521819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     198295715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       742083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       742083                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    180263902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      199037798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18773896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    180263902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     199037798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790845.017621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819403.780992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       742083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       742083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790631.149123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819085.588477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1251593.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 790631.149123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819085.588477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    159588470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177045366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       654283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       654283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160242753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177699649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     17456896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    160242753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177699649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163793.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 703032.907489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731592.421488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       654283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       654283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163793.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 702819.092105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731274.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1163793.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 702819.092105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731274.275720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          440                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.570503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         127556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        51.268489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.521288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.451122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   209.093299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1807.504794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.102096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.882571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 153                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 441                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75314800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    423678254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     498993054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75314800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426092226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      501407026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75314800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426092226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     501407026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             153                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.480874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.480392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.480392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789437.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1025855.336562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1134075.122727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413972                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789437.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1029208.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1136977.383220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2789437.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1029208.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1136977.383220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      91                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72944200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    387494665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460438865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72944200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    389820837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    462765037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72944200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    389820837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    462765037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.465169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701637.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 938243.740920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1046451.965909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701637.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 941596.224638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1049353.825397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2701637.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 941596.224638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1049353.825397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.540923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.401189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.091723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    77.558789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1926.489222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.940669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41791402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125691514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     167482916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41791402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125691514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      167482916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     41791402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    125691514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     167482916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607361.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843567.208054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957045.234286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607361.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843567.208054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957045.234286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1607361.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843567.208054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957045.234286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39508472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152111763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39508472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152111763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39508472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    112603291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152111763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519556.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.785235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869210.074286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519556.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.785235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869210.074286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1519556.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 755726.785235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869210.074286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              496.177567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845322422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1700849.943662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.177567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         137394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        137394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18473350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       137414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       137414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923667.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15102298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006819.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132973427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153018.903337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   175.155225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    80.844775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.684200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.315800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         174802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        174802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912975188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87588636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1000563824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79851                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436830.233493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 748620.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453359.231536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       139139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214644397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216034936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350726.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1390539                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352422.407830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              475.101704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847791033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1751634.365702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.101704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.032214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3556710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       592785                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123781761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170733.463448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   153.611549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   102.388451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.600045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.399955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              491.268129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              844475980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1682223.067729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    16.268129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.026071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         145208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       145208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        145208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47010369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47010369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47010369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47010369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47010369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47010369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       145244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       145244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       145244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305843.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305843.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305843.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305843.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1305843.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305843.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41732729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41732729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41732729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41732729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     41732729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41732729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545656.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545656.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545656.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545656.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1545656.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1545656.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              127666971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             167322.373526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   155.804289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   100.195711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.608611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.391389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        98624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         180859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        180859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    576932723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    576932723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1182635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182635                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    578115358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    578115358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    578115358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578115358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       100227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 359908.124142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 359908.124142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84473.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84473.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 357523.412492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 357523.412492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 357523.412492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 357523.412492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149680729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149680729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       205589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149886318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149886318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    149886318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149886318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 296985.573413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296985.573413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68529.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68529.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 295633.763314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295633.763314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 295633.763314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295633.763314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.261702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              844475977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1682223.061753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.261702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.026060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         145205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       145205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        145205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     43493550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43493550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       145240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       145240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       145240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1242672.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     39215787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39215787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452436.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              127666965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167322.365662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   156.005686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    99.994314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.609397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.390603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         180853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        180853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    563662348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563662348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1181097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1181097                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    564843445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    564843445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    564843445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    564843445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       100224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 351629.661884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351629.661884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84364.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84364.071429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 349315.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349315.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 349315.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349315.674088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149131551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149131551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       204622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149336173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149336173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149336173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149336173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 295895.934524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295895.934524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68207.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68207.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294548.664694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294548.664694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294548.664694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294548.664694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.514497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750173618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1354104.003610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.784534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.729963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.025296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171132378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             189305.727876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   155.338438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   100.661562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.606791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.393209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.813760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845321815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704277.852823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.813760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         136787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        136787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18022593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18022593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18022593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18022593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18022593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18022593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       136809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       136809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 819208.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819208.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 819208.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819208.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 819208.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819208.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16391710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16391710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170836.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132972909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153548.393764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   174.713841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    81.286159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.682476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.317524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         174289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        174289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    914298367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    914298367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97094106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011392473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1011392473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011392473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1011392473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 438302.189358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438302.189358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829864.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459097.808897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459097.808897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459097.808897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459097.808897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       274251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 137125.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219935465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219935465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221308323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221308323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    221308323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221308323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 361141.978654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 361141.978654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362800.529508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362800.529508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 362800.529508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 362800.529508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              542.474014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750173453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1354103.705776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.741564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.732450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.025227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         141256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        141256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       141295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       141295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171131695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             190146.327778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.047150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.952850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.605653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.394347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       201629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         242694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        242694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    994282308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994282308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1179691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995461999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995461999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995461999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995461999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       203892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439364.696421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439364.696421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436989.464004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436989.464004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 436989.464004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436989.464004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218604959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218604959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218797259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218797259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218797259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218797259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341037.377535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341037.377535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339747.296584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339747.296584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339747.296584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339747.296584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              567.772281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868078964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1522945.550877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.722764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.049517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         131006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        131006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    137689509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137689509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       131049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       131049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3202081.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78309601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78309601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2900355.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332251131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             286670.518550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   105.696167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   150.303833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.412876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.587124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       333287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         515082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       515082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        515082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1701224672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1701224672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3543068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704767740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1704767740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1704767740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1704767740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       336580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       518383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516618.485272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 516618.485272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442883.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516439.787943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 516439.787943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 516439.787943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 516439.787943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2398                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    452228222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452228222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1643174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453871396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453871396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    453871396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453871396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502475.802222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502475.802222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 547724.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502626.130676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502626.130676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 502626.130676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502626.130676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              568.516058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868078365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1520277.346760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.466799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.049259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.042415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         130407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        130407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81129353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       130452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       130452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1802874.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57668872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2059602.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332249930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             287662.277056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   105.790835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   150.209165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.413245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.586755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         513892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        513892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1713241539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287177                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1718528716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181166                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531402.462469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660897.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 531722.993812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456221692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458777133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509175.995536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851813.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510319.391546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              567.688045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              868078978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1522945.575439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.637784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   542.050261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         131020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       131020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        131020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110399733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110399733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       131063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       131063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       131063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2567435.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     65786688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65786688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2436544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              332251309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             283732.970965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   105.653573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   150.346427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.412709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.587291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       333425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       181849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       515274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         515274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       515274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        515274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1689663902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1689663902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5287175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1694951077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1694951077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1694951077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1694951077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       336725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       181857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512019.364242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 512019.364242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 660896.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660896.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 512379.406590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    449166839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449166839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2554232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    451721071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451721071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    451721071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451721071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 491429.801969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 491429.801969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851410.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851410.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 492607.492912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              475.048804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              847790673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1751633.621901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.048804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.032129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         150098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       150098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        150098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189764489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189764489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189764489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    189764489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    189764489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    189764489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       150140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       150140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       150140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4518202.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4518202.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4518202.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4518202.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4518202.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4518202.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4172785                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1043196.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111931353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111931353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111931353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111931353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111931353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111931353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3859701.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3859701.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3859701.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3859701.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3859701.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3859701.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              123781024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             170732.446897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   153.365405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   102.634595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.599084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.400916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       117825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        86660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         204485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        204485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    282633014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    282633014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       750647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283383661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    283383661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    283383661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    283383661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       119027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        86668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 235135.618968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235135.618968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93830.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93830.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234201.372727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234201.372727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234201.372727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234201.372727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125263231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125263231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125471603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125471603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125471603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125471603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 268805.216738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268805.216738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69457.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69457.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 267530.070362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267530.070362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 267530.070362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267530.070362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              515.667982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              849066964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1642295.868472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.667982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         106516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       106516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        106516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91250835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91250835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       106557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       106557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       106557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2225630.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       715213                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       715213                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70746656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70746656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2620246.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              141285454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             110551.998435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   194.234630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    61.765370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.758729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.241271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        64902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         145574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       145574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        145574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1528587567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1528587567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    535279595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    535279595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2063867162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2063867162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2063867162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2063867162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        83091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       148518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.029113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008024                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 631908.874328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631908.874328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1019580.180952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1019580.180952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 701041.834918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 701041.834918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 701041.834918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 701041.834918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1921                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    606978757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606978757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66093822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66093822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673072579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673072579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    673072579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673072579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 635579.850262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635579.850262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 971967.970588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 971967.970588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 657939.959922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657939.959922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 657939.959922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657939.959922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.181822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              845323601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1700852.315895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.181822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         138573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        138573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     21964687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21964687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       138593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       138593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1098234.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18909603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18909603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1260640.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              132974877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             153020.571922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   175.745043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    80.254957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.686504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.313496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         176252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       176252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        176252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    866979799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    866979799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98472049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     98472049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    965451848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    965451848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    965451848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    965451848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       178459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 414822.870335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414822.870335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841641.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841641.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 437449.863163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437449.863163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 437449.863163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437449.863163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 139183.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    206670229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206670229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       750383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       750383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    207420612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207420612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    207420612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207420612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337696.452614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337696.452614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       750383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       750383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338369.676998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338369.676998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338369.676998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338369.676998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              568.447716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868077967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1520276.649737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.395872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   542.051844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.042301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         130009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        130009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124444366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124444366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124444366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124444366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    124444366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124444366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       130055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       130055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2705312.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2705312.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2705312.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2705312.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2705312.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2705312.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2700107.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2700107.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2700107.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2700107.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2700107.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2700107.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332249535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             290174.266376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   105.557392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   150.442608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.412334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.587666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       180985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         513501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        513501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729857620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1729857620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5290851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1735148471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735148471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1735148471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735148471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       180993                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       516704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       516704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541426.485133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 541426.485133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661356.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541726.029035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 541726.029035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 541726.029035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 541726.029035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    459255345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459255345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461810913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461810913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461810913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461810913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 517762.508455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 517762.508455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       851856                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 518888.666292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518888.666292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 518888.666292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518888.666292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.289466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              844475892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1682222.892430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.289466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.026105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         145120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       145120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        145120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48570136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48570136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48570136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48570136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48570136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48570136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       145158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       145158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       145158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1278161.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1278161.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1278161.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1278161.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1278161.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1278161.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42096220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42096220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42096220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42096220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42096220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42096220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1559119.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559119.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1559119.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559119.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1559119.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559119.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              127666791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167322.137615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   156.275900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    99.724100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.610453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.389547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        98553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         180679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        180679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    614358537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    614358537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1104775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1104775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    615463312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    615463312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    615463312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    615463312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 382777.904673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 382777.904673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 78912.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78912.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380150.285361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 380150.285361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380150.285361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 380150.285361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150090115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150090115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150282415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150282415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    150282415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150282415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297797.847222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297797.847222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 296415.019724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296415.019724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 296415.019724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296415.019724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
