
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010471                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10470930465                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538246307010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   516378                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 264586                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67621672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39574.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15833957650                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20435550980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       184832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       252928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       259584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       247808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       422016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       261632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       359680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       179328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       430848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       247424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       148352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       246528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       252800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1156864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1156864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9038                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9038                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17651917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       342281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24155255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       403403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24790920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14718081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       342281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23776302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23666283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     40303582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24986509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34350338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       452300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17126272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       427851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41147060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       366730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23629610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14167986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       476748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16869561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       342281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23544039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24143031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395627878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       464524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       342281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       403403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       452300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       342281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       415627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       440076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       427851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       452300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       427851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       366730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       427851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       476748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       342281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       378954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6601133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         110483400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              110483400                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         110483400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       464524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17651917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       342281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24155255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       403403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24790920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       452300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14718081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       342281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23776302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       415627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23666283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       440076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     40303582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       440076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24986509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       427851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34350338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       452300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17126272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       427851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41147060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       366730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23629610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       427851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14167986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       476748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16869561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       342281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23544039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       378954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24143031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              506111278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2067888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214005                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9308                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19953438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11554042                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2067888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2413342                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        555844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       452546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204296                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23168338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20754996     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112360      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179115      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242406      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248639      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210189      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118593      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         176067      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1125973      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23168338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082353                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460134                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19752405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       655568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2408953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2660                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       348747                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340165                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14182127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       348747                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19805973                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        133134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       400018                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2358851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       121610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14176950                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19783013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65949271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65949271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2629615                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1769                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          366402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14159291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13452764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1558770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3724537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23168338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17478944     75.44%     75.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2337395     10.09%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1186015      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       894423      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       702039      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283934      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179669      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93122      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12797      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23168338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2493     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8255     36.56%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11834     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11313646     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200038      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220992      9.08%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716401      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13452764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535750                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22582                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50098437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15721590                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13246317                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13475346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       348747                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        105873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14162778                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119139                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13262957                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716345                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13246450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13246317                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7604070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20491577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1857482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22819591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17775022     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2498514     10.95%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       946415      4.15%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449442      1.97%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377787      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217897      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       192548      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86023      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275943      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22819591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       275943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36706361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28674319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304269                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1941808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.511014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.511014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59695205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18452673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13143678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1899753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700250                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153026                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111269                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20153575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10802554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1899753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1363347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2408076                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        504305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       297166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1220550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149888                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20801186     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         371475      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         182468      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         366273      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         113107      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         340645      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          52458      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          85064      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         896586      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23209262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19910421                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       545280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2403000                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       348509                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       175492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1937                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12051784                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       348509                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19938213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        326735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       134862                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2377218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        83718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12032874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        67066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15735792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     54486292                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     54486292                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12707773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3027988                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          181023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       344055                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3071                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        78191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11968450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11189543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2197353                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4523826                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18300751     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533084      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658274      7.14%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957969      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487656      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122803      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142493      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3449      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2783      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18490     57.46%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7533     23.41%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6154     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8755064     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85600      0.76%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          777      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007365     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340737      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11189543                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45627903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14167416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10902058                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11221720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8672                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8825                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       348509                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        218317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11970038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       161940                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11048084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2319253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1681135                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           340690                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.439985                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10904882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10902058                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6604862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14266945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.462949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8689007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9755496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2215023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       151898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22860753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19242398     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412088      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915973      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286632      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482932      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91947      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58574      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53013      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317196      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22860753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8689007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9755496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2082376                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1747146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1498918                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8517556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       119344                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       317196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34514050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24289817                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                452379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1900884                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8689007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9755496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8689007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.889875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.889875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51400916                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14177138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12844357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2039405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201536                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209363                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19483026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11604952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2039405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1003313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2549720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        575705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       651566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1202120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199984                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23055214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20505494     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         276106      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         317734      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         174939      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         202274      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         111332      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          75602      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         198330      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1193403      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23055214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462162                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19320765                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       817185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2528020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20472                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       368771                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       330992                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14164624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11240                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       368771                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19352510                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        257343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       472623                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2517935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        86023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14154883                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        20950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        40758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19668113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65914987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65914987                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16743331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2924782                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3785                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          233123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1355190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       737853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       162691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14131750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13339268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19186                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1800662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4174934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          505                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23055214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17437004     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258441      9.80%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214581      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840236      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734943      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375639      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91510      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58950      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43910      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23055214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3408     11.67%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12682     43.41%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13123     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160563     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208782      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236633      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731659      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13339268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29213                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49782149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15936340                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13112128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13368481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18908                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       368771                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        210533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14135568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1355190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9900                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       230045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13138489                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160270                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1891668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1836957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           731398                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523234                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13112461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13112128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7793910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20413475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381802                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9834883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12066398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069322                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       202581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22686443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17756589     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285443     10.07%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959267      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575819      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397720      1.75%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257557      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134355      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107375      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212318      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22686443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9834883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12066398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1829399                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1110454                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1726790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10878562                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       245536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       212318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36609780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28640223                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                301170                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2054932                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9834883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12066398                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9834883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.553172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.553172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59272526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18195610                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13221463                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2271694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891993                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208298                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831005                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244541                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19777732                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12465482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2271694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1075546                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2598510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        579024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       668748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1229395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23413835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20815325     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         158931      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         201239      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         320527      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         134514      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         171964      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         201011      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          91763      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1318561      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23413835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19662138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       795733                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2586104                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       368568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       344902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15233116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       368568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19682257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         63714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       676542                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2567229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        55519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15139087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        38600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21148850                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70403507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70403507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17686134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3462705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          195690                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       740114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       167991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14779160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3702                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14177230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798125                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3663476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          167                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23413835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17405230     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741641     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119497      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628278      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850928      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261464      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257704      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138239      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10854      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23413835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97947     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13038     10.54%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12667     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11943418     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193932      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300479      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737647      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14177230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564602                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51906312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16581065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13806730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14300882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267526                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       368568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         48747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14782866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1936                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       239583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13929630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2016333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1969287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           737561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554741                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13806817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13806730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8273514                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22225486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.549847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10289605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12679264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2103652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       209851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23045267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17677637     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2720297     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988251      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       492325      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449523      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189185      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186899      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89121      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252029      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23045267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10289605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12679264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1880131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1149537                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1837790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11415510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       261828                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       252029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37576089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29934411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                301895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1696311                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10289605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12679264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10289605                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.440341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.440341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       62680516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19295802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14090230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1900577                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4607                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20158419                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10807676                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1900577                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1363703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2408565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        504180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       298790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1220803                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23216112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20807547     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         371084      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182403      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         366282      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         113343      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         340659      1.47%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          52435      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          85712      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         896647      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23216112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430411                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19916524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       545619                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2403555                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       348397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       175902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         1942                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12057224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         4562                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       348397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19944072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        326675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       135829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2377984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        83148                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12038572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        66727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15744853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     54510694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     54510694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     12716949                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3027854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          179895                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      2202136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       344392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        78475                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         11974590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11195776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7417                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2197315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4523685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23216112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18304479     78.84%     78.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1534327      6.61%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659784      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958008      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487810      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122588      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142919      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3413      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2784      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23216112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18445     57.40%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7525     23.42%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6162     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8759859     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85707      0.77%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008292     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341140      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11195776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.445867                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32132                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45647212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14173522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10908513                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11227908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8792                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       348397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        218642                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11976183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2202136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          801                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4076                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          230                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       161889                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11055062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979728                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2320823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1682174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           341095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.440263                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             10911283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            10908513                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6608048                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14273699                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.434427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.462953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8694355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      9762149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2214515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       151876                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22867715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19246607     84.16%     84.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1413259      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916891      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286983      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482967      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91796      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58709      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52967      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317536      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22867715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8694355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      9762149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2083384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1747761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1499910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         8523532                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       119488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       317536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           34526817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          24301995                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                452660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1894034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8694355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             9762149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8694355                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.888098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.888098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.346249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.346249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       51430884                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14186428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12850379                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25110142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2040773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1673224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       833807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794393                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19496421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11617892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2040773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1003592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2553375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        578374                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       632817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1203679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23055555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20502180     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         276067      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         319951      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         175275      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         202142      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         110967      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          75337      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         198302      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1195334      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23055555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19332270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       800349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2531451                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20668                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       370816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       331232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14181591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11195                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       370816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19364384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        252597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       459446                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2521273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14171959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        21375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        41153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19689670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65996963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65996963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16743323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2946347                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2098                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          235402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       738215                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19612                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       163435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14147756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3741                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13347707                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18737                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4210516                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23055555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17434541     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2259417      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214515      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840718      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735993      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375802      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91790      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58848      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43931      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23055555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3327     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12915     43.82%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13234     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11168905     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209005      1.57%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236357      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731809      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13347707                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29476                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49799182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15967996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13119555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13377183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33581                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       370816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        204374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14151521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738215                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       230816                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13145444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1891518                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1837350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           731552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13119855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13119555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7800218                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20438462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522480                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381644                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9834878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12066393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       203214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22684739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17755601     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285321     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959068      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574600      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398483      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256872      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134983      0.60%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107542      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212269      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22684739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9834878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12066393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1829397                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1110453                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1726789                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10878558                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       245536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       212269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36624092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28674205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                301903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2054587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9834878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12066393                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9834878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.553173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.553173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59303084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18204774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13234701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1955113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4569                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20716906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12302940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1955113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       803528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2430760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        330614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       479480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1191588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23849924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21419164     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          86033      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         177582      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          73460      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         402709      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         359244      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          69598      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         146721      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1115413      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23849924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20598064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       599896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2421513                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       222529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       171680                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14427217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1521                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       222529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20620362                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        423246                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       108361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2408572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        66847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14418468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        24574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          582                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16942049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67907136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67907136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14985140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1956893                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          912                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          171090                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1717145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        83204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13820507                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7413                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1132779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2725748                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23849924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18941549     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468006      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206911      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521232      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661849      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639580      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364114      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28461      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18222      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23849924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34934     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272613     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7892      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8675485     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120758      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310613     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712824     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13820507                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550395                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51813788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15522317                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13699892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14135946                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135177                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          368                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11268                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1227                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       222529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        387395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17904                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14389186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1717145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          912                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          368                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60526                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62897                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       123423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13721717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5011845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1797133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1712664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546461                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13700395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13699892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7401469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14593462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545592                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507177                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13068536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1321844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1672                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       107324                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23627395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18890016     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727861      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       811292      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801491      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217914      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932622      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69977      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50786      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125436      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23627395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11120856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13068536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4968449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3262572                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1725585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11621239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       126568                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       125436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37892300                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29003337                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                456149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1260222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11120856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13068536                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11120856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.257933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.257933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.442883                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.442883                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67824368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15919575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17167115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2041413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1674001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       834371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794342                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8997                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19479674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11612604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2041413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1003420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2552395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        576620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       641587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1201937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23045514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20493119     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         276476      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         319949      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         175174      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         201154      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         111029      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          75653      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         197648      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1195312      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23045514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19317291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       807382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2530274                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20838                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       331130                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2131                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14175136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19349536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        271875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       447080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2520106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        87180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14165502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19682803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65962437                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65962437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16743296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2939488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3680                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2044                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          236264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       737543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       163451                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14140737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13341286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19436                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1809258                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4213627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23045514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17426032     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258665      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214309      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842287      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734861      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375032      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91790      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58506      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44032      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23045514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3383     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12894     43.72%     55.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13218     44.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11161974     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208721      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1631      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237500      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731460      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13341286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531311                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002211                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49777015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15953815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13112789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13370781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33154                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18600                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       369728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        224025                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14345                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14144439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2042                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114158                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       229901                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13139578                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1160108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1891331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1837229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           731223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13113095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13112789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7795777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20421613                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381741                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9834870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12066369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3285                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       202542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22675786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17746350     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2285355     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959349      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574751      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398648      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256835      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134559      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107570      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212369      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22675786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9834870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12066369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1829382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1110439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1726786                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10878535                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       245536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       212369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36607941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28658937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2064632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9834870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12066369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9834870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.553175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.553175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59273135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18197553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13228335                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2040318                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1669052                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       836844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208762                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19776159                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11578585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2040318                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1009361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2424684                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        586887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       350707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1218075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22932858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20508174     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         132320      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         206928      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         330026      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         136113      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         151257      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         162764      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         106612      0.46%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1198664      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22932858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081255                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19594307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       534358                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2416927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       381020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       334037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14137998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1578                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       381020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19625638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        169259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       276310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2392386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        88241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14128934                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        24134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19616044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65719061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65719061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16697111                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2918933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3537                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1921                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          266094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1347932                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       723173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       166275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14106691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3545                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1822474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4087223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          292                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22932858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17314993     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2252522      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232008      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       843452      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786841      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224700      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       177006      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59716      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41620      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22932858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3146     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9940     39.24%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12245     48.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11167563     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211041      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1614      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1231776      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718772      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49636648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15932866                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13112398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13356097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245963                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       381020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        117268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14110257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1347932                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       723173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8766                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       232288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13138080                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1876625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1847949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           718402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523218                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13112629                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13112398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7667935                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20034331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9807806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12021711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       205228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22551838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17669788     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2365230     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921141      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495386      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370568      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206690      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128648      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114665      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       279722      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22551838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9807806                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12021711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1802579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1101969                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1725584                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10832489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       244205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       279722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36382335                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28601622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                320913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2177288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9807806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12021711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9807806                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.560221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.560221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59239178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18179688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13183218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25110145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2069800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214145                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9296                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19954161                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11566884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2069800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1029637                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2416665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        557215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       452530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1222315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204368                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23173578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20756913     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         113161      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         180185      0.78%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         242292      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         249228      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         210506      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         118091      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         174930      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1128272      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23173578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19751941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       656741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2412287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       349957                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340452                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14195926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1555                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       349957                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19806275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        132730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       400701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2361356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       122554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14189936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        16479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        53544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19800697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66009956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66009956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17160331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2640366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1850                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          369854                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       719549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8461                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       218958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14171825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3547                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13461221                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3742294                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          148                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23173578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17438486     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2389955     10.31%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202672      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       878654      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693922      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283672      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180350      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93124      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12743      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23173578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2512     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8242     36.48%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11838     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11320779     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200116      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221674      9.08%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716964      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13461221                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.536087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50120599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15741038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13254479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13483813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216379                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10186                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       349957                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        105425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14175393                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1850                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118864                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13271385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1865308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1886109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           716890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.528527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13254597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13254479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7609370                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20505783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004069                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12310371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1865023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22823621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17741717     77.73%     77.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2533463     11.10%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943092      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450714      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399484      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219064      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       178521      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86328      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271238      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22823621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10004069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12310371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1824398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1115035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1775296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11091475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       253547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       271238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36727712                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28700762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                304466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1936567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10004069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12310371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10004069                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.509993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.509993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.398407                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.398407                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59734197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18463531                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13157620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1954411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104796                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       737257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107609                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20706319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12297671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1954411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       803375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2429731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        329273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       476239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1190659                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23834190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21404459     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          85799      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         177534      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          73796      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         402369      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         359150      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          69839      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         146444      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1114800      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23834190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.489749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20589009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       595119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2420571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7832                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       221654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       171886                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14420764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       221654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20611119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        419493                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       107982                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2407706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66229                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14412108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          567                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16932643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67876503                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67876503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14981832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1950805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          858                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          169520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1716924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        83320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381633                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13816687                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1130269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2716518                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23834190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18927871     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467016      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206749      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520593      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661215      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639869      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364097      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28633      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18147      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23834190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34998     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272617     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7898      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8671655     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120669      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310821     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712716     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13816687                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550243                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51790659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15513956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13696533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14132200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1226                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       221654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        383853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383339                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          858                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12062                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       122268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13718635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3299222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98052                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5011779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1796674                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1712557                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546338                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13697035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13696533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7399413                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14584225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11118930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13066238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1318419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       106860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23612536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18876193     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727299      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810909      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801512      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217916      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932791      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69759      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50844      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125313      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23612536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11118930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13066238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4968123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3262383                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1725276                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11619172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       126534                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       125313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37871841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28991007                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                455698                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1275956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11118930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13066238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11118930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.258324                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.258324                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.442806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.442806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67810979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15914386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17161534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1900170                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       152949                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1285937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252449                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20162627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10804594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1900170                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1363667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2408411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        504011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       297305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1220840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       149750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23218579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20810168     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         371227      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         182136      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         366498      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         113630      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         340673      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          52436      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          85392      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         896419      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23218579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19920193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       544687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2403411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       348292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       175455                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1944                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12054519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4589                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       348292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19947898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        325136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       136282                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2377681                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        83283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12035755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        66779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15737930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     54498485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     54498485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12717044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3020886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1574                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          179998                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2203703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       344457                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        78171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11972252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11193858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2194449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4523151                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23218579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18307202     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1534641      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659524      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957966      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       487887      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122415      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142726      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3452      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2766      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23218579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18392     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7553     23.52%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6165     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8757349     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85792      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2008770     17.95%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341169      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11193858                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45645842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14168306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10906736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11225968                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455934                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       348292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        216649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11973840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2203703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344457                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          202                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       161725                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11053749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1980391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2321511                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1681950                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           341120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.440210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10909620                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10906736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6607232                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14267666                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8694411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9762220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2212110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1566                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       151809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22870287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19249130     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412965      6.18%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916965      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287228      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483108      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91956      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58462      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53127      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317346      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22870287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8694411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9762220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2083394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1747769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1499918                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8523598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       119489                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       317346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34527245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24297202                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                452926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1891567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8694411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9762220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8694411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.888079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.888079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346251                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346251                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       51425484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14182571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12847502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2272360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1892242                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208466                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895379                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244419                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19786140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12467736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2272360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1075632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2598145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        580033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       673750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1230116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23427720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20829575     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         158847      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         200638      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         320509      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         133672      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         171978      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         201354      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          92440      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1318707      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23427720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19670361                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       800872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2585790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       369417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       345323                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15236950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1599                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       369417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19690493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         63557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       682088                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2566936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        55223                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15143651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21153535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70423464                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70423464                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17682419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3471098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          194489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       740820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8335                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       168829                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14784683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3707                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14179210                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1804016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3677990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          172                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23427720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17418038     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2743311     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1118456      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       628278      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850989      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261786      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257681      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138267      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10914      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23427720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98351     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13076     10.54%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12673     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11945251     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193771      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1754      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300171      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       738263      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14179210                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.564681                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51925091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16592486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13808721                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14303310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10433                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267998                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       369417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         48713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6283                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14788395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       240000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13931431                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2016582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1969510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           738172                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.554813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13808802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13808721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8272116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22223706                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.549926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10287485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12676662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111788                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       210026                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23058303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17691434     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2720145     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988678      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491245      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449560      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189202      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       187014      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89108      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251917      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23058303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10287485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12676662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1879774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1149318                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1837407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11413186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       261779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       251917                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37594771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29946338                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                302153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1682426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10287485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12676662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10287485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.440844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.440844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       62688586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19296731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14092995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2070077                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9337                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19961805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11567119                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2070077                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1029146                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2415696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        556995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       457419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1222636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23184872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20769176     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         112631      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         179025      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         242561      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         248672      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         210631      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         118471      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         175632      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1128073      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23184872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082440                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19760745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       660391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2411348                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2692                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       349691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       340393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14198495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1523                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       349691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19814536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        133471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       404098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2360993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       122078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14193035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        53323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19806800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66023763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66023763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17166082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2640706                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          368479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       719480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8435                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       212466                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14175848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13466996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3737574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23184872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17453942     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2383960     10.28%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199741      5.17%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880680      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696342      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284109      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179857      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93469      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12772      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23184872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2509     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8249     36.53%     47.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11823     52.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11325882     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200182      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1688      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222268      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716976      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13466996                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22581                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50143428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15745316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13259337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13489577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216820                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9904                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       349691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        106263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14179399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1833                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114473                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       233370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13275992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1865246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1886747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           716915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13259464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13259337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7612307                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20516277                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528047                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371037                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10007384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12314438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1864966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       206742                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22835181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17756493     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2530173     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943698      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450099      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397143      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218444      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180521      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86226      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272384      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22835181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10007384                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12314438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1824958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1115382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1775873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11095131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       253626                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       272384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36742136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28708517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                304683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1925274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10007384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12314438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10007384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.509162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.509162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       59753597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18471420                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13157947                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1900665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701193                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1252405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111205                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20163046                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10807708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1900665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1363610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2410195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        504807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       296147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1221191                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23220147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20809952     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         371835      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         183007      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         366787      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         113526      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         340650      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          52222      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          84602      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         897566      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23220147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19923869                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       540232                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2405248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       348819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       175544                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1941                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12059741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4577                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       348819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19951269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        321750                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       136008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2379676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        82618                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12040888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        66172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15747311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     54526156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     54526156                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12716922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3030367                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          179361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2203496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       344460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        78389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11976886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11195864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2199204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4532983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23220147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18308984     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533341      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1659573      7.15%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       958396      4.13%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488624      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122635      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142417      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3400      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2777      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23220147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18357     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7529     23.49%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6167     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8760634     78.25%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85645      0.76%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          778      0.01%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2007580     17.93%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       341227      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11195864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.445870                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45651066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14177706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10908480                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11227917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       455735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       348819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        215137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10071                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11978477                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2203496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       344460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102897                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       162110                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11054625                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1979280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2320462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1682214                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           341182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.440245                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10911230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10908480                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6608724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14277167                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.434425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.462888                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8694338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9762127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2216830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       152082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22871328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19250537     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1412923      6.18%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       916683      4.01%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       287006      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       483161      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91810      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58791      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52956      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317461      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22871328                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8694338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9762127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2083380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1747761                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1499908                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8523511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       119487                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       317461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           34532798                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24307000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                452984                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1889999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8694338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9762127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8694338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.888103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.888103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.346248                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.346248                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       51430113                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14185234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12850480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25110146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1898792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1286660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1251479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111326                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20153890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10796988                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1898792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1362805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2406851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        504540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       299341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1220685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150148                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23210522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20803671     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         371178      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         182213      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         366380      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         113321      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         340448      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          52371      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          85055      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         895885      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23210522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.429985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19910993                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       547109                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2401918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       348501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       175504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1940                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12045399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       348501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19938627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        327908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       136072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2376252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12026701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        66757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15727281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     54456106                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     54456106                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12701662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3025603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1585                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          811                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          179764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2201340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       343941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        77918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         11962115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1590                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11184205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2195376                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4519305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23210522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18303295     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1533211      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1658144      7.14%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       957054      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       488148      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       122044      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       142411      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3454      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2761      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23210522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18436     57.40%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7521     23.42%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6160     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8750246     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        85569      0.77%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          776      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2006931     17.94%     96.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       340683      3.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11184205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.445406                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45618424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14159112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10896715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11216322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8683                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       454920                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8893                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       348501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        219477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11963713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2201340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       343941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          214                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       162142                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11043427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1978630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       140778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2319271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1680440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           340641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.439799                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             10899530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            10896715                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6600308                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14252600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.433957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8684967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9750959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2213258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1564                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       152137                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22862021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19245797     84.18%     84.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1411113      6.17%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915333      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       286616      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       482606      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        91854      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58474      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53030      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       317198      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22862021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8684967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9750959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2081465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1746417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1498263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8513559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       119292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       317198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34509014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24277197                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                452720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1899624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8684967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9750959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8684967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.891220                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.891220                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.345875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.345875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       51378319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14169323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12838187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32378                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.038290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1424250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          21.862432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           310.861605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.340882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   603.551797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    18.944084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   817.877593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.602554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   913.249565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.426722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   526.138418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.028449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   802.118760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.265437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   870.366343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.556413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1435.843214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.825351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   916.446837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.812768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1220.188272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.654705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   586.776886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.313106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1446.053327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    20.675516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   798.583248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.768945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   510.001502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.853957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   580.255073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.765006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   803.701724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.028736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   814.588842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           910.612239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1276.316459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1086.571187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           780.711211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1320.547181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1210.121111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1303.808620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1082.667953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1512.367406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           947.139917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1260.430005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1312.914325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           793.320349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1009.163985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1324.083711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1313.796995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.024960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.016056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.024479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.043818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.027968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.017907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.044130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.024371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.015564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.024527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.027790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.038950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.023825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.036930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.039789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.046154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.028904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.038465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.024210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.030797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.040094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   175                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5606517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    219103701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4252671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    299199523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4948390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307111845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183511244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4266303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294464104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5333204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    293383747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5550889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502112826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    309488120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5262516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    426400232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5509223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212161321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5314981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    512554818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4488490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    291868940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    175382717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5894483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    208488819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4174722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290564809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4651189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298920962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4906419836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       421195                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       744203                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       436225                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       297114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1898737                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5606517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    219103701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4252671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    299199523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4948390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307533040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183511244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4266303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294464104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5333204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    294127950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5550889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502112826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    309924345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5262516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    426400232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5509223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212161321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5314981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    512851932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4488490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    291868940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    175382717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5894483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    208488819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4174722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290564809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4651189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298920962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4908318573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5606517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    219103701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4252671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    299199523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4948390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307533040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5658096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    183511244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4266303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    294464104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5333204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    294127950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5550889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502112826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5478039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    309924345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5262516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    426400232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5509223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    212161321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5314981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    512851932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4488490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    291868940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5312395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    175382717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5894483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    208488819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4174722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    290564809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4651189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    298920962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4908318573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               87663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                87851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               87851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.321410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.369038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.069149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.417825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.417825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147539.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151733.864958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151881.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151416.762652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149951.212121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151660.170370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152921.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152417.976744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152367.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151395.426221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156858.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151933.582082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154191.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152293.850773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152167.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151635.531602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150357.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151743.854804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148897.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151435.632405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151856.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152364.690250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149616.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150992.726332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151322.447800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151140.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151078.854348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149097.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150864.386812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150038.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151352.385823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151662.076474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 140398.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148840.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 145408.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       148557                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146056.692308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147539.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151733.864958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151881.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151416.762652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149951.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151643.510848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152921.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152417.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152367.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151395.426221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156858.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151925.594008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154191.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152293.850773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152167.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151626.391879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150357.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151743.854804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148897.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151435.632405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151856.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152362.427807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149616.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150992.726332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151322.447800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151140.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151078.854348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149097.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150864.386812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150038.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151352.385823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151659.824898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147539.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151733.864958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151881.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151416.762652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149951.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151643.510848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152921.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152417.976744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152367.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151395.426221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156858.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151925.594008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154191.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152293.850773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152167.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151626.391879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150357.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151743.854804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148897.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151435.632405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151856.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152362.427807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149616.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150992.726332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151782.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151322.447800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151140.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151078.854348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149097.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150864.386812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150038.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151352.385823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151659.824898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3392648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    135026725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2626144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    184093850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3028331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    189178438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3507700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    113394460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2640871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181163506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3358116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    180934504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3460331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310244763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3386926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    190632624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3223955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    262733198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3358678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130579774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3279802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    316747472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2745244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    179290810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107886826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3629254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    128124358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2549610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178387076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183856844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3022588393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       246420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       454189                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       261838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       180661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1143108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3392648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    135026725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2626144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    184093850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3028331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    189424858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3507700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    113394460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2640871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181163506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3358116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    181388693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3460331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310244763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3386926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    190894462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3223955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    262733198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3358678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130579774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3279802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    316928133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2745244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    179290810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107886826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3629254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    128124358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2549610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178387076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183856844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3023731501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3392648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    135026725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2626144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    184093850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3028331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    189424858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3507700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    113394460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2640871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    181163506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3358116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    181388693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3460331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    310244763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3386926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    190894462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3223955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    262733198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3358678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    130579774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3279802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    316928133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2745244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    179290810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3276003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    107886826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3629254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    128124358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2549610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178387076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    183856844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3023731501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.357957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.362513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.321410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.353315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.347040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.418044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.310391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.417825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.356631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.320383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.361898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.396501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.345755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.417825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.351008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.309397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89280.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93508.812327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93790.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93164.903846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91767.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93421.450864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94802.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94181.445183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94316.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93143.190746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98768.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93699.898498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96120.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94099.109190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94081.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93401.579618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93499.358719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90775.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93204.692363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93708.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94157.988109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91508.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92752.617693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93086.131148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93057.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92843.737681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91057.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92620.496366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91921.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93092.072911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93431.065284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        82140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90837.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87279.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90330.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87931.384615                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89280.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93508.812327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93790.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93164.903846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91767.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93404.762327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94802.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94181.445183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94316.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93143.190746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98768.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93692.506715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96120.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94099.109190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94081.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93392.593933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93499.358719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90775.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93204.692363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93708.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94155.713904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91508.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92752.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93086.131148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93057.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92843.737681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91057.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92620.496366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91921.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93092.072911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93428.856167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89280.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93508.812327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 93790.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93164.903846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91767.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93404.762327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94802.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94181.445183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94316.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93143.190746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 98768.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93692.506715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96120.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94099.109190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94081.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93392.593933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst        92113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93499.358719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90775.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93204.692363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93708.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94155.713904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91508.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92752.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93600.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93086.131148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93057.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92843.737681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91057.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92620.496366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91921.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93092.072911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93428.856167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              507.543894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940368.100775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.543894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.052154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7717875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7717875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7717875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7717875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7717875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7717875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154357.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154357.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154357.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154357.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154357.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154357.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6393436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6393436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6393436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6393436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155937.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155937.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155937.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155937.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155937.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155937.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.321022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.936708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.063292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       840227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1545632957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1545632957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7375535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7375535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1553008492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1553008492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1553008492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1553008492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       853066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120385.774359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120385.774359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84776.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84776.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120146.100263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120146.100263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120146.100263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120146.100263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    408518961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408518961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1020218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1020218                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409539179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409539179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409539179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409539179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101268.954140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101268.954140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68014.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68014.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101145.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101145.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101145.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101145.759200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              551.110128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921365546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1657132.276978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.941840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.168288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.039971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1220514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1220514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1220514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6009718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6009718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6009718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6009718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1220550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166936.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166936.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 166936.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166936.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5026551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5026551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173329.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173329.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173329.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173329.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173329.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173329.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5506                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205504970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35665.562305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.707212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    62.292788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.756669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.243331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1811963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1811963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       333620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2145583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2145583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2067681268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067681268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2758026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2758026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2070439294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2070439294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2070439294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2070439294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1830944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1830944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       333650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2164594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2164594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108934.264159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108934.264159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91934.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91934.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108907.437484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108907.437484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108907.437484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108907.437484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    558202577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558202577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       435149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       435149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    558637726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558637726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    558637726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558637726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101491.377636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101491.377636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72524.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72524.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101459.812205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101459.812205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101459.812205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101459.812205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              509.901821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1002526228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1942880.286822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.901821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.044714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1202077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1202077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1202077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1202077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1202077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6745403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6745403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6745403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6745403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6745403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6745403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1202120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1202120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1202120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156869.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156869.837209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156869.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156869.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156869.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156869.837209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5511927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5511927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5511927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162115.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162115.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162115.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158554093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             27057.012457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.380427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.619573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       847769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       714905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1562674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1562674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2445541149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445541149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59071398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59071398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2504612547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2504612547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2504612547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2504612547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       867091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126567.702567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126567.702567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121546.086420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121546.086420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126444.494497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126444.494497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126444.494497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126444.494497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    569862440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569862440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1427531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1427531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    571289971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571289971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    571289971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571289971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102016.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102016.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79307.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79307.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101943.249643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.249643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101943.249643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101943.249643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.852894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1004328785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2033054.220648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.852894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1229345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1229345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1229345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8191971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8191971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8191971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8191971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8191971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8191971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1229395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163839.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163839.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163839.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163839.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163839.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163839.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169055.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169055.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169055.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169055.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169055.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169055.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148945901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             37106.602143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.382546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.617454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.856963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.143037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       979176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        979176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       726975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726975                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1706151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1706151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1706151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1706151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1028381049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1028381049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4197201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4197201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1032578250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1032578250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1032578250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1032578250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       988791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       727029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1715820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1715820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1715820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1715820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106955.907332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106955.907332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77725.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77725.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106792.662116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106792.662116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106792.662116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106792.662116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             814                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    366009417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366009417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       827908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       827908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    366837325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366837325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    366837325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366837325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97706.731714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97706.731714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68992.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68992.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97615.041245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97615.041245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97615.041245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97615.041245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              551.153570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              921365800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1657132.733813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.985180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   526.168390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1220768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1220768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1220768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5853682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5853682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5853682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5853682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5853682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5853682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1220803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167248.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167248.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167248.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167248.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167248.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167248.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4947243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4947243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4947243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4947243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170594.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170594.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170594.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170594.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5511                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              205506286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35634.868389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   193.048558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    62.951442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.754096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.245904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1812881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       334011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       334011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2146892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2146892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2064785488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2064785488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3175642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3175642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2067961130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2067961130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2067961130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2067961130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1831886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       334041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       334041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2165927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2165927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108644.329808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108644.329808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105854.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105854.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108639.933281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108639.933281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108639.933281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108639.933281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    556792672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556792672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       505594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       505594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    557298266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557298266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    557298266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557298266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101143.083015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101143.083015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101124.708038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101124.708038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101124.708038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101124.708038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.352912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1002527785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1939125.309478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.352912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1203634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1203634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1203634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1203634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7546339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7546339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7546339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7546339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7546339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7546339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1203679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1203679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1203679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1203679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167696.422222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167696.422222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167696.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167696.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167696.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167696.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5966696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5966696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5966696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5966696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170477.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170477.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170477.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170477.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170477.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170477.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5607                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158553764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             27043.111718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.964724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.035276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.886581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.113419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       847458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       714905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1562363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1562363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2409018633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2409018633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62118207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62118207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2471136840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2471136840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2471136840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2471136840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       866662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000679                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125443.586388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125443.586388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 127815.240741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127815.240741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125502.124937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125502.124937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125502.124937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125502.124937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    560500210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560500210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1847050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1847050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    562347260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562347260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    562347260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562347260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100322.214068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100322.214068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92352.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92352.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100293.786339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100293.786339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100293.786339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100293.786339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              574.730994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1032148306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1779566.044828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.610284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.120709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.921043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1191541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1191541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1191541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7587239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7587239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7587239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7587239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7587239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7587239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1191588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161430.617021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161430.617021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161430.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161430.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161430.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161430.617021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6087717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6087717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6087717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6087717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6087717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6087717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164532.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164532.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164532.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164532.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164532.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164532.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406957211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48913.126322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.996328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.003672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3112862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1704151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4817013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4817013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4817013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4817013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        28651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        28651                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3341805439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3341805439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2685296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2685296                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3344490735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3344490735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3344490735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3344490735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3141483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1704181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4845664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4845664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116760.610705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116760.610705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89509.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89509.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116732.076891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116732.076891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116732.076891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116732.076891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    870990645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870990645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       713627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       713627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    871704272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    871704272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    871704272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871704272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108130.433892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108130.433892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79291.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79291.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108098.248016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108098.248016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108098.248016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108098.248016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.037435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1002526043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1931649.408478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.037435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1201892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1201892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1201892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1201892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1201892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7458954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7458954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7458954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7458954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7458954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7458954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1201937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1201937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1201937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165754.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165754.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165754.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165754.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6031315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6031315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6031315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6031315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6031315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6031315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163008.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163008.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163008.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163008.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163008.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163008.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158554165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26855.380251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.952453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.047547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.886533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.113467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       847919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       714903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714903                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1562822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1562822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2442247593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2442247593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     60524905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60524905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2502772498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2502772498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2502772498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2502772498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       867296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1582687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1582687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126038.478247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126038.478247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124026.444672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124026.444672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125989.050994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125989.050994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125989.050994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125989.050994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14217                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    574966412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574966412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1556938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1556938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    576523350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    576523350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    576523350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    576523350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102125.472824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102125.472824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86496.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86496.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102075.663952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102075.663952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102075.663952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102075.663952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              521.617707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1006993355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1914436.036122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.617707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1218030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1218030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1218030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1218030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1218030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1218030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6847533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6847533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6847533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6847533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6847533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6847533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1218075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1218075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1218075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1218075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1218075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1218075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152167.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152167.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152167.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152167.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152167.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152167.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5706140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5706140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5706140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5706140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158503.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158503.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158503.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158503.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158503.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158503.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167406412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             22798.095057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.265779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.734221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       843451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        843451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       697235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       697235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1540686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1540686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1540686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1540686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2129058543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2129058543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7320673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7320673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2136379216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2136379216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2136379216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2136379216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       861595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       861595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       697327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697327                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1558922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1558922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117342.291832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117342.291832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79572.532609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79572.532609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117151.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117151.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 117151.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117151.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             886                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    741739653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741739653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       969208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       969208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    742708861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    742708861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    742708861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    742708861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104884.000707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104884.000707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64613.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64613.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104798.766897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104798.766897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104798.766897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104798.766897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              509.094745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001230363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1944136.627184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.094745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1222267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1222267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1222267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7772255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7772255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7772255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7772255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7772255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7772255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1222315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161921.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161921.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161921.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161921.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161921.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161921.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6504366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6504366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6504366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6504366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162609.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162609.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162609.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162609.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162609.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162609.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4052                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152644172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35432.723305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.933789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.066211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.863023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.136977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       840238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706015                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1546253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1546253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        12988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        12988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1533304586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533304586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7227963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7227963                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1540532549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1540532549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1540532549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1540532549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       853140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1559241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1559241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118842.395443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118842.395443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84046.081395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84046.081395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118611.991762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118611.991762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118611.991762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118611.991762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    404103262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404103262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1017388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405120650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405120650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    405120650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405120650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100099.891504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100099.891504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67825.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67825.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99980.417078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99980.417078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99980.417078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99980.417078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              573.432581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032147378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1782637.958549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.925204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.507377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1190613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1190613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7434753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7434753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7434753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7434753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7434753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7434753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161625.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161625.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161625.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161625.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161625.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161625.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5979473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5979473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5979473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166096.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166096.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166096.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166096.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166096.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166096.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406957537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48960.242661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.997078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.002922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3113375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3113375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1704016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4817391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4817391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4817391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4817391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3358681007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3358681007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3263995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3263995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3361945002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3361945002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3361945002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3361945002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3141908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1704046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4845954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4845954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117712.158098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117712.158098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108799.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108799.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117702.797395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117702.797395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117702.797395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117702.797395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1347                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    877800060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877800060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       808648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       808648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    878608708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878608708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    878608708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878608708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109084.138188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109084.138188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89849.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89849.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109062.649950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109062.649950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109062.649950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109062.649950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              552.413746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              921365835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1651193.252688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.245328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.168418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1220803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1220803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1220803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5979490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5979490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5979490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5979490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5979490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5979490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1220840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161607.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161607.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161607.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161607.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161607.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161607.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5220811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5220811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5220811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168413.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168413.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168413.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168413.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168413.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168413.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205507013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35659.728093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   194.017055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    61.982945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.757879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.242121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1813611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1813611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       334014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       334014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2147625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2147625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2147625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2147625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        18995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2049068719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2049068719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2649800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2649800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2051718519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2051718519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2051718519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2051718519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1832576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       334044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       334044                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          786                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2166620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2166620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2166620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2166620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108044.751859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108044.751859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88326.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88326.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108013.609845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108013.609845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108013.609845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108013.609845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    554366803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554366803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       422263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       422263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    554789066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554789066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    554789066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554789066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100775.641338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100775.641338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70377.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70377.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100742.521518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100742.521518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100742.521518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100742.521518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              485.945959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004329509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2041320.140244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.945959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1230069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1230069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1230069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1230069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1230069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1230069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7810111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7810111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1230116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1230116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1230116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1230116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1230116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1230116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166172.574468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6180457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6180457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148945588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37217.788106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.390921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.609079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.856996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.143004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       978995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        978995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1705829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1705829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1004120325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004120325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4319224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4319224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1008439549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008439549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1008439549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008439549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       988537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       726891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1715428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1715428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1715428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1715428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105231.641689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105231.641689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75775.859649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75775.859649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105056.729764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105056.729764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105056.729764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105056.729764                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    360561955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360561955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       833291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       833291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    361395246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361395246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    361395246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361395246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96561.851901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96561.851901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69440.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69440.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96474.972237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96474.972237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 96474.972237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96474.972237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              508.500018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001230679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1940369.532946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.500018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1222583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1222583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1222583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8199725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8199725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8199725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8199725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8199725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8199725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1222636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154711.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154711.792453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154711.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154711.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154711.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154711.792453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6685055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6685055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6685055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6685055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163050.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163050.121951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163050.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163050.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163050.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163050.121951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152644440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35441.012306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.956996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.043004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.863113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.136887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       840310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       706228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1546538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1546538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        12935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        12935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        12935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1519009484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1519009484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7265029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7265029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1526274513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1526274513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1526274513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1526274513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       853159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       706314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1559473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1559473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118220.054790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118220.054790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84477.081395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84477.081395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117995.710321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117995.710321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117995.710321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117995.710321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    401160607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401160607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       997411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       997411                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    402158018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    402158018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    402158018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    402158018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99395.591427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99395.591427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66494.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66494.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99273.764009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99273.764009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99273.764009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99273.764009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.730483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921366188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1657133.431655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.562076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.168407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.039362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1221156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1221156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1221156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5706884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5706884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5706884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1221191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163053.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163053.828571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163053.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163053.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163053.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163053.828571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4809951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4809951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4809951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4809951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165860.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165860.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165860.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205505936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35603.939016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   193.635547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    62.364453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.756389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.243611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1812535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       334007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       334007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2146542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2146542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2146542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2146542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2043683021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2043683021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2802135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2802135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2046485156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2046485156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2046485156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2046485156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1831494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       334037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       334037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2165531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2165531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2165531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2165531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107794.874255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107794.874255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93404.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93404.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107772.139449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107772.139449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107772.139449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107772.139449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    553405480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553405480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       459807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       459807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    553865287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    553865287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    553865287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    553865287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100436.566243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100436.566243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 76634.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76634.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100410.675671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100410.675671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100410.675671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100410.675671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              552.387533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              921365680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648239.141324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.633749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.753784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.042682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1220648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1220648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1220648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1220648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1220648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6413124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6413124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6413124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6413124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1220685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1220685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1220685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173327.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173327.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173327.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173327.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 173327.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173327.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5654934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5654934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5654934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5654934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176716.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176716.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176716.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176716.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176716.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176716.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              205504860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35542.175718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   192.907827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    63.092173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.753546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.246454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1812023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1812023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       333439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       333439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2145462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2145462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2145462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2145462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2068671010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2068671010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2634455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2634455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2071305465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2071305465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2071305465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2071305465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1831066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1831066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       333469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       333469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2164535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2164535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2164535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2164535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108631.571181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108631.571181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87815.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87815.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108598.828973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108598.828973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 108598.828973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108598.828973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    559699974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559699974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       397983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       397983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    560097957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560097957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    560097957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560097957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101394.922826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101394.922826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66330.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66330.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101356.850706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101356.850706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101356.850706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101356.850706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
