
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009412                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9412096992                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522021299880                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   504742                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 239415                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39312.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15652889201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19842887372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       400640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       168576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       232704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       170112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       139776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       139264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       340864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       173184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       171008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       219904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       231936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       343808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       340224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       138368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       240128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       335872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3860352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1202816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1202816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9397                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42566497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       516782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17910568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       448784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24723927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       543981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18073762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14850676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       475983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14796278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36215521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       516782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18400150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       543981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18168959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23363975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24642330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       503182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36528310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36147524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14701081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       407986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     25512699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       489583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35685140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410147920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       516782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       448784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       543981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       475983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       516782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       543981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       475983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       503182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       407986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       489583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7860522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         127794688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              127794688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         127794688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42566497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       516782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17910568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       448784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24723927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       543981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18073762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14850676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       475983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14796278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36215521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       516782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18400150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       543981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18168959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       475983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23363975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24642330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       503182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36528310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36147524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14701081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       407986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     25512699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       489583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35685140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              537942608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1758393                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4220                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18621080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11057349                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1758393                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       724212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186042                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        295033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       438413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1070594                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21444377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19258335     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77824      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160544      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66239      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362953      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322925      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62524      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130983      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002050      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21444377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18514257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       546656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2177696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       198601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12964038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       198601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18533933                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        388500                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97645                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2166599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12956220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          573                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15218484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61019412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61019412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1745747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          149621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3054006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12929195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1514                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12425857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1010119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2418338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21444377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17029718     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1321306      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085805      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468424      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594865      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575361      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327130      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25520      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16248      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21444377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31416     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244707     86.38%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7154      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7798757     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108437      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977315     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540604     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12425857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.550524                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46586089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13941172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12317399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12709134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       119663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          347                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       198601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        355755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12930722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3054006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11224                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          347                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12337119                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540447                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.546592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12317865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12317399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6653584                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13111953                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.545718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507444                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1180580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        95694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21245776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16984348     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555356      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729958      3.44%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720918      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195524      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838245      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62876      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45560      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112991      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21245776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934343                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       112991                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34064790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26062699                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                409761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1126600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751451                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.257097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.257097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.443047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.443047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60984365                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14309241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15432157                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1860417                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1522879                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761991                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730151                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17913008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10403212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1860417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       921311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2170107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        504403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       415331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1098038                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20816269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18646162     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         100304      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         160500      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         216945      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         223990      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         189168      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         105456      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         158066      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1015678      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20816269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460911                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17730452                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       599694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2165892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       317599                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       305442                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12766797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1324                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       317599                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17779128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        128154                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       360043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2120547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       110795                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12761874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        14965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        48379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17808831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     59365392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     59365392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15395106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2413689                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1635                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          333487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1196814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       645560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7504                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       233971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12746143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12087506                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1437213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3462277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20816269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15639619     75.13%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2178046     10.46%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087688      5.23%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       781636      3.75%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       618789      2.97%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255237      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160156      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83885      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11213      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20816269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2326     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7735     37.76%     49.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10421     50.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10167072     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180466      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1513      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095158      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       643297      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12087506                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535533                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45013551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14186574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11904027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12107988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23842                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196726                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       317599                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        102821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12749326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1196814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       645560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1636                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       210720                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11919005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1029783                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1673032                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1692866                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           643249                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11904138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11904027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6834785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18421598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8974345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11042690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1706619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3051                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       186311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20498670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15915975     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2297349     11.21%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       843453      4.11%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       402981      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       373026      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196626      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150866      0.74%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78090      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240304      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20498670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8974345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11042690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1636285                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1000085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1592365                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9949295                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       227368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       240304                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33007610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25816260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                273935                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1754708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8974345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11042690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8974345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.515056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.515056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.397606                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.397606                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       53638804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16585983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11830183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1828188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1498200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17542751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10406130                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1828188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       903195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2289870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        512630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       591508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1082329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20751895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18462025     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         247655      1.19%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         286317      1.38%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         157967      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         183797      0.89%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         100505      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          68306      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         177070      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1068253      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20751895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17400622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       736539                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2272599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        16266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       325866                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       297225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1901                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12704134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         9984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       325866                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17426644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        192978                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       469646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2263878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        72880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12695829                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           37                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        18053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        34867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17645496                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     59123068                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     59123068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15082711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2562785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3454                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1985                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          199172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1212925                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       662079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       145714                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12677343                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11991587                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          502                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20751895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15696781     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2034332      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092326      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757235      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       660043      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338196      1.63%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80643      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52824      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39515      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20751895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2883     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11235     43.45%     54.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11738     45.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10037178     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187560      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108511      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656870      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11991587                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531283                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44776558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14252586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11793180                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12017443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       213410                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           78                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          134                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15333                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       325866                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        151001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11454                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12680829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1212925                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          134                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101830                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       207441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11814856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041593                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1698281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1652797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           656688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11793378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11793180                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7010144                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18357536                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381867                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8857931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10866755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2963                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       182879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20426029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15987143     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2057676     10.07%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863483      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518071      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358621      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232376      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120552      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96632      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191475      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20426029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8857931                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10866755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1646261                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              999515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1555115                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9796775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       220987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       191475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           32915405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25687713                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                270996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1819082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8857931                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10866755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8857931                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.548109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.548109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       53299506                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16368954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11858491                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         2960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1860689                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1522692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763015                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         730671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8314                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17909910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10405421                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1860689                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       922096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2170992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        503763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       416653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1098035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     20814835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       18643843     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         100671      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160302      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         217178      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         223435      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         189684      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         106590      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         158126      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1015006      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     20814835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       17728137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       600219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2166915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       317053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       305974                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12769760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       317053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       17776503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        128454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       360593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2121645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       110584                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12765022                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        15252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        48070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17811120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     59381645                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     59381645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15395953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2415161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3059                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          330806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1197060                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       646056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       214111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12748812                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12091643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1439616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3459719                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20814835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15653084     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2157557     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082886      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       787678      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623456      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255605      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159495      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84131      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10943      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20814835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2542     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7822     38.37%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10024     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10170316     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180463      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1513      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095421      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       643930      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12091643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45020298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14191552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11907268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12112031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196923                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       317053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        103329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11025                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12751903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1197060                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1546                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104232                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       210488                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11922515                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1029683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       169128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1673554                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1693177                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           643871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528223                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11907385                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11907268                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6836191                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        18429755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527548                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370932                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8974833                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11043296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1708614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3049                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       186218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20497782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15929228     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283228     11.14%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845198      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403087      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       363997      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       195963      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157147      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77746      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242188      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20497782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8974833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11043296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1636361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1000137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1522                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1592468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9949827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       227379                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       242188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           33007439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25820884                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                273813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1756142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8974833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11043296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8974833                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.514919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.514919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.397627                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.397627                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       53651705                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16590173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      11832638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3044                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2043330                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219529                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8735                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17770408                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11212347                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2043330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       963803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2335448                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        523956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       605397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1105269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21045931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18710483     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         142535      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         179422      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         287275      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         120693      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         154513      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         180788      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          82869      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1187353      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21045931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17665220                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       721002                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2324094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       334394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       310564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13705116                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       334394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17683851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         58224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       612147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2306640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        50668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13619046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         7324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19019395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63329151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63329151                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15874173                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3145213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1708                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          179294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1277517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       666094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       151118                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13293640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3295                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12740967                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1637741                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3349791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21045931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15648551     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2461014     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005651      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564802      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       764569      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236004      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231351      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124069      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9920      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21045931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88066     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12096     10.84%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11390     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10733238     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173969      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1168438      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       663748      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12740967                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564485                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008755                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46652945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14934754                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12406697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12852519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245723                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       334394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         44391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13296941                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1277517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1709                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4800                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110267                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       216467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12517906                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223061                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1812686                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1769091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           663639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554602                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12406800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12406697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7434026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19975849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.549675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9235528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11380396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1916573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       188940                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20711537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15893440     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2442185     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887107      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441598      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403484      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169531      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168138      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79648      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226406      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20711537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9235528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11380396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1687565                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1031791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1649423                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10246246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235043                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       226406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           33782035                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26928353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                271987                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1525046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9235528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11380396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9235528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.443929                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.443929                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56323770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17337046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12672746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2044969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187432                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773868                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8715                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17772766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11221802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2044969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       964430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2337726                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        523458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       600360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1105389                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179004                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     21045172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18707446     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         142863      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         179380      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         288466      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120707      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         154645      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         180659      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          82625      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1188381      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     21045172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17667460                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       716129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2326402                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       334042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       310812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13714813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1604                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       334042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17686035                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         58118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       607270                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2308937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        50763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13629005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         7279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        35294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19033893                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63370902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63370902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15884916                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3148976                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          178792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1277986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       666527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       151777                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13304323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3309                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12749396                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3359050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21045172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15645285     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2461622     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1007160      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       563705      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       764780      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236450      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232126      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124139      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9905      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21045172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88544     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12065     10.77%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11392     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10740337     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174139      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1169187      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664158      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12749396                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46669866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14948835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12415165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12861397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       334042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         44405                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13307635                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1277986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       666527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4781                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106081                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       216253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12526068                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1813344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1770421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           664033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12415288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12415165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7438392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19984388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550050                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9241768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11388039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919627                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       188805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20711130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15889526     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2444139     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887696      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442125      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403450      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169650      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168256      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79757      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226531      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20711130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9241768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11388039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1688686                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1032477                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1650512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10253135                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       235197                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       226531                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           33792200                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26949387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                271804                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1525805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9241768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11388039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9241768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.442279                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.442279                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.409454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.409454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       56359541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17348077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12683020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1831949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1498352                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720045                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17763030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10397611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1831949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       907864                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2177138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        526211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       321709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1093843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     20603717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18426579     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         117763      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         185832      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         296412      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         122561      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         137088      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         146694      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          95886      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1074902      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     20603717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081164                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460663                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17598495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       487943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2169940                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       341570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       299995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12694277                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       341570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17626728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        158728                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       249398                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2148047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        79243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12685446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3682                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17607605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     59010202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     59010202                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14993684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2613921                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          240133                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1209849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       649456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       147478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12665411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11973061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1633699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3646931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20603717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15559266     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2023662      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1105469      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754539      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707225      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203023      0.99%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159945      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53545      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37043      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20603717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2894     12.86%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8722     38.75%     51.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10892     48.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10030187     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189328      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1449      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1106769      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645328      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11973061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530463                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44587448                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14302500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11777433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11995569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220059                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       341570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        108852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12668667                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1209849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7844                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104461                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       208101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11800711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172350                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1685907                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1659140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           644991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522827                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11777663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11777433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6886793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        17999234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8807909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10796268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1872460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       183987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20262147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15877072     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2124151     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       827878      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444405      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333230      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186607      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115314      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102613      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       250877      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20262147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8807909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10796268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1618966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              989790                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1549712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9728289                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       219330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       250877                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           32679933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25679056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                288666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1967260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8807909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10796268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8807909                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.562581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.562581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390232                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390232                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       53215979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16325145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      11838991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22570970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1861818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         729903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191214                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8298                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17906841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10410822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1861818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       921117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2170755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        503209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       416435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1097295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20811464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18640709     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         100584      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         159707      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         216551      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         223897      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         189038      0.91%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         106081      0.51%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         158891      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1016006      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20811464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17724708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       600417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2166510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2617                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       317209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       305981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12775195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1334                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       317209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17773173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        128308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       360997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2121342                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       110432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12770567                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        14881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        48225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17819754                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59405276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59405276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15406455                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2413299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3092                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1577                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          332376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1196650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       646485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7547                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       214565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12754159                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3103                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12095138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1437497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3460976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20811464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15648870     75.19%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2157829     10.37%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082117      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       788621      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       623466      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255613      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160352      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83597      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10999      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20811464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2519     12.37%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7822     38.41%     50.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10022     49.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10173042     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180759      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1514      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095450      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644373      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12095138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.535871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45023898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14194823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11912718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12115501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       317209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        103027                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11258                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1196650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1578                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       210067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11927657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030632                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1674951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1694048                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           644319                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11912838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11912718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6839365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18433982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8980956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11050749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1706549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3054                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       185508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20494255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15921964     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286115     11.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845591      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       402651      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364240      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196324      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       156969      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78103      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242298      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20494255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8980956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11050749                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1637453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1000801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1593508                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9956559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       227524                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       242298                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33009190                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25831819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                273105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1759506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8980956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11050749                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8980956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.513203                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.513203                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.397899                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.397899                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53676823                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16595524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11839578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3050                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22570974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1861989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1523682                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17911377                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10411551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1861989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       922902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2171913                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        501801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       419889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1097285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       183292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20819341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18647428     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         100707      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         160633      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         216642      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         224622      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         189276      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         105996      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         157732      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1016305      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20819341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461281                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17729549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       603530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2167811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       315936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       306143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12775590                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1337                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       315936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17778333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        128809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       363275                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2122233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       110752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12770840                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        15027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        48287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17817387                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59410148                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59410148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15413882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2403505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1634                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          332150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1196584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       646827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7625                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       239637                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12754752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12100096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1841                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1433191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3442054                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20819341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15634444     75.10%     75.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2182936     10.49%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089992      5.24%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       781511      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       620131      2.98%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255334      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160264      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83967      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10762      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20819341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2526     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7735     38.14%     50.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10021     49.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10177380     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180756      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1095825      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644620      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12100096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536091                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45041656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14191169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11916859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12120378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24728                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       315936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        103396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12757935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1196584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       646827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1636                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103903                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       209820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11932031                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1030956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168065                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1675514                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1694803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           644558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528645                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11916985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11916859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6842086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18443551                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370974                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8985302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11056160                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1701781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3055                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       185366                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20503405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15912572     77.61%     77.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2302759     11.23%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       844616      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403678      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       373960      1.82%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196811      0.96%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       150437      0.73%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77958      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       240614      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20503405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8985302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11056160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1638284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1001307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1594320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9961419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       227641                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       240614                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33020667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25831834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                273164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1751633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8985302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11056160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8985302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.511988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.511988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53698114                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16601656                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11840525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1831350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1500498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       770539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         715336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17552588                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10423157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1831350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       903102                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2292448                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        515027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       573564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1083091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20748511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18456063     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         247487      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         285760      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         157948      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         183713      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         100377      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          68517      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         178398      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1070248      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20748511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17409912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       719181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2274781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        16622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       328012                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       298162                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1899                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12728213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        10008                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       328012                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17435954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        194081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       449944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2266425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        74092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12720231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        18561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        35265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17675360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     59234051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     59234051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15089233                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2586118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1904                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          200243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1216817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       662562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       146899                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12701750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3377                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12006330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1588692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3663482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20748511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15689675     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2035025      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1092526      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756771      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662133      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338814      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81089      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53020      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39458      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20748511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2885     10.97%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11699     44.49%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11713     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10050077     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187706      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1468      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1109721      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657358      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12006330                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44803768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14293957                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11806828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12032627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216894                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          733                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       328012                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        152134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11642                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12705149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1216817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7980                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105105                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       207500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11828951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1699648                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1654295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           657143                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11807050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11806828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7016001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        18383342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10871396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1833815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       183129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20420499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15980463     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2058340     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863925      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517365      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358907      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231899      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120979      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96854      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191767      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20420499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8861687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10871396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1646916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              999923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1555778                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9800954                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       221083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       191767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           32933878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25738454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                271396                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1822466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8861687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10871396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8861687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.547029                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.547029                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392614                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392614                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       53359601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16385848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11876342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         2958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1828768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1499642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182035                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       777894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         716870                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187207                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17536259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10403262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1828768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       904077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2290399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        513212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       587526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1081907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       180736                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20742412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18452013     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         247781      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         287551      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         158244      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         183903      0.89%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          99885      0.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          68637      0.33%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         176300      0.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1068098      5.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20742412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460913                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17394575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       732250                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2272863                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        16407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       326314                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       296440                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1914                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12699392                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10130                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       326314                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17420909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        204488                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       453735                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2263891                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        73072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12690944                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        18014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        34997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17640455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     59099441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     59099441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15074648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2565807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1872                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          200043                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       660449                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       145622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12669816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11977871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1572383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3635843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20742412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15690830     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2034376      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1091673      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757169      3.65%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       658286      3.17%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       336897      1.62%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        80751      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52933      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39497      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20742412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2928     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11159     43.25%     54.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11717     45.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10026195     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1467      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107416      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       655500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11977871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530676                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44739432                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14245678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11780542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12003675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14052                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          734                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       326314                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        162395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12673189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       660449                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       207429                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11801918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1696083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1651236                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           655283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522880                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11780811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11780542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7004017                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        18339841                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.521933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381902                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8853230                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10860914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1812393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2961                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       182985                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20416098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15978940     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2057010     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       863245      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517872      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       358899      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231806      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       120354      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96728      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191244      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20416098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8853230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10860914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1645370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              998973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1554249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9791524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       220862                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       191244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           32898096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25672945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                270650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1828565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8853230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10860914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8853230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.549462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.549462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       53245242                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16353138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11853930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         2956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1830929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1497543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       750992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         719480                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17754219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10393257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1830929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       907366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2176800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        526314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       319462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1093679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20592260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18415460     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         117882      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         185753      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         296542      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         122510      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         136589      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         147055      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          96113      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1074356      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20592260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081119                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460470                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17589761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       485624                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2169729                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         5635                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       341508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       299789                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12691131                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       341508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17617611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        151964                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       255040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2148049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        78085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12682532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         1889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3141                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17603422                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     58997838                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     58997838                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14987690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2615727                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          238224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1211041                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       649646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       147739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12662777                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3280                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11969870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15283                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1634934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3654450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20592260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15549564     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2022953      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1104208      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       754885      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707309      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203167      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159395      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53827      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36952      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20592260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2899     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9098     39.71%     52.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10915     47.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10027016     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189278      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1449      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1106703      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645424      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11969870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530321                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44570195                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14301149                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11773727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11992782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221640                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           24                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20718                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       341508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        102607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12666077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1211041                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1818                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7759                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104618                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       208368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11797066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040696                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1685791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1658800                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           645095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11773944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11773727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6885051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        17997074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382565                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8804447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     10791952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1874169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       184151                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20250752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15867564     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2124041     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       827452      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443457      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       332831      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185896      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115959      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102338      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251214      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20250752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8804447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     10791952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1618326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              989398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1549085                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9724386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       219227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       251214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           32665594                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25673791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                288528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1978717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8804447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            10791952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8804447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.563588                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.563588                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53196216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16319822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11834541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1831443                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1497692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       753869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         719911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187800                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8013                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17769345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10393357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1831443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       907711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2175591                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        525369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       316098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1093924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181591                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     20602009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       18426418     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         117139      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185020      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         296670      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         122759      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         136912      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         146825      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96328      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1073938      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     20602009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17605305                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       481788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2168496                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       340699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       300190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12688883                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       340699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17633044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        155410                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       246860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2147084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        78909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12680474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         1996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3877                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17600927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     58983651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     58983651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14994658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2606231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          238377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1208895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       649357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       148229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12661661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11973307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1626740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3628427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          314                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20602009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15556411     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2024018      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106605      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755103      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706941      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       202592      0.98%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159476      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53714      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37149      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20602009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8791     39.01%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10876     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10030473     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189242      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1106751      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645391      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11973307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530474                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22536                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44586219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14291785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11777938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11995843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219031                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           26                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20110                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       340699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        106329                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12664924                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1208895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1779                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       208034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11800950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1040749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1685866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1659992                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           645117                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11778148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11777938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6885833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        17991829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8808516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10797030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1867906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       184013                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20261310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15875413     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2124848     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828186      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444283      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333051      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186675      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115307      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102836      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       250711      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20261310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8808516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10797030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1619108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              989861                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1549825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9728978                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       219346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       250711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           32675470                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          25670627                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                288873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1968968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8808516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10797030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8808516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       53214030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16325289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      11834936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2042468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187759                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774788                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         744799                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17772330                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11209159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2042468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       964363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2335480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        523919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       603800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1105473                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21046059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18710579     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         142755      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         179807      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         287688      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120522      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         154339      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         180818      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          82690      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1186861      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21046059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17667212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       719380                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2324083                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       334167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       310462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13700541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       334167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17685814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         58364                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       610504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2306612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        50591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13614361                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         7419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        35025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19013897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63308721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63308721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15872787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3141081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1688                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          178866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1276997                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       665753                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       151844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13290297                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3274                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12737792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1636276                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3348889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21046059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15648937     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2461854     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1005363      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       564712      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       764267      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       235516      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231326      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124200      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9884      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21046059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88065     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12023     10.79%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11390     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10730590     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       173999      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1574      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1168157      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       663472      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12737792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111478                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46646471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14929929                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12404330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12849270                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9339                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245301                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10036                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       334167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13293579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1276997                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       665753                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105851                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       216398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12515308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148784                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       222483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1812127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1768885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           663343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.554487                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12404442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12404330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7432624                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19971498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.549570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372162                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11379371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       189132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20711892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15893844     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2442182     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887173      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       441641      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       403547      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169434      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168100      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79806      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226165      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20711892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9234722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11379371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1687409                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1031692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1649250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10245315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       235009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       226165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33779290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26921447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                272189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1524918                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9234722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11379371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9234722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.444143                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.444143                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       56312221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17333553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12669269                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1701611                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527538                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1151744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1134479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3971                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18123492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              9682772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1701611                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1231486                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2160245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        450455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       267577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1096478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       132726                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20865470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18705225     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         337769      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         160793      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         333901      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          98329      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         310351      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          46328      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          73796      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         798978      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20865470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17854854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       540597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2155881                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       312434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       153138                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1722                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     10772725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4229                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       312434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17884911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        342892                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       108443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2128898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        87888                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     10755530                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        73301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     14034605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     48649189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     48649189                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     11325779                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2708790                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          705                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          180071                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1996099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       300586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        68451                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         10700109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10001888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1974348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4055640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20865470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16469499     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1365221      6.54%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1499409      7.19%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       862785      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431286      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107273      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124519      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2953      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2525      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20865470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16098     56.88%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6779     23.95%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5426     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7807895     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74801      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          678      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1820796     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297718      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10001888                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.443130                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40904112                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12675872                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9745978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10030191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       412467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7962                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       312434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        219322                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10819                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10701508                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1996099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52023                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       143340                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9879344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1796135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122544                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2093821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1506601                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           297686                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.437701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              9748389                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             9745978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         5909885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        12641637                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.431792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.467494                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7781955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      8712725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1989215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       134556                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20553036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17333349     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1247841      6.07%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       818620      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254655      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433319      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80801      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51410      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46390      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286651      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20553036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      7781955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      8712725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1876248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1583624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1341580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         7599016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       104195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       286651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           30968299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          21716601                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                407813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1705507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           7781955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             8712725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      7781955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.900425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.900425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.344777                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.344777                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       46003581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      12647205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11527879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22570977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1831334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1497660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       755252                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         721037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         187880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17772691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10392391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1831334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       908917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2176794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        525520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       315537                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1094487                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20605795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18429001     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         117677      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         186311      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         296413      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         122951      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         136840      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         147128      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          95841      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1073633      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20605795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17609285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       480549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2169772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5683                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       340503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       300101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12688076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       340503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17637019                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        150133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       250994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2148266                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        78877                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12679412                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         1833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21371                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4242                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17599091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     58979925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     58979925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14999324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2599767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          236752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1208919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       649567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       148094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12659784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11974045                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1621305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3614928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20605795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15559464     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2024572      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106686      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       755569      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706349      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       202880      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159468      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53666      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37141      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20605795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2887     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8741     38.73%     51.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10941     48.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10030239     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189555      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1450      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1107236      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645565      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11974045                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44591565                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14284466                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11779253                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11996614                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35711                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218754                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          775                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       340503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        102406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10416                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12663032                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1208919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       649567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7651                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105050                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       103260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       208310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11802477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1041621                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       171568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1686851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1659999                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           645230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522905                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11779486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11779253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6887056                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        17991874                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382787                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8811197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10800349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       184367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20265292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15878169     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2125354     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828210      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444947      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       333016      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186647      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       115261      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102635      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251053      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20265292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8811197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10800349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1619593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              990165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1550316                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9731944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       219410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       251053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           32677243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25666672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                288906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1965182                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8811197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10800349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8811197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53223135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16326376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11834675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         2922                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30174                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.363761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1304001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.719806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           293.120368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.659144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1388.484284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.346776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   575.448638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.528389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   805.904751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.813749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   578.322129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.915063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   480.018631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.981752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   473.852930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.194285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1072.882182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.998120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   591.761583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.771844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   573.267204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.736117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   772.808777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.841781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   805.348434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.704229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1088.635266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.382898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1058.272738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.340752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   481.828593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.918174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   841.147283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.654156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1048.786919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1714.907495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1048.590014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1262.882653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1057.597739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           824.735260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           877.488440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1446.682735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1038.005002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1041.916164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1348.155586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1242.886271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1378.347712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1395.033609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           862.040594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1446.790616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1451.625934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.042373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.017561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.024594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.014649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.014461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.032742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.017495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.023584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.024577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.033223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.032296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.025670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.032006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.052335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.032000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.038540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.032275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.025169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.026779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.044149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.031677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.031797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.041142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.042064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.042573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.026307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.044153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.044300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   48121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2686                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5336311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    475142247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198114899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5057515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    273733905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200798187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5635772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165960418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5457187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164318535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5463328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    402471886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6524337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    204096753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7024255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201784090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5424926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    259326731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5598670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    273110119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5536347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    407959594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5415138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402847741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5693609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163497899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4443364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    281577835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5432806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    395228589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4561208494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       163689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       131304                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        294993                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5336311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    475142247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198114899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5057515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    273733905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200798187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5635772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165960418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5457187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164318535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5463328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    402471886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6524337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    204096753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7024255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201784090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5424926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    259326731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5598670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    273273808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5536347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    408090898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5415138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402847741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5693609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163497899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4443364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    281577835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5432806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    395228589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4561503487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5336311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    475142247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    198114899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5057515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    273733905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    200798187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5635772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    165960418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5457187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164318535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5463328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    402471886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6524337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    204096753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7024255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    201784090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5424926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    259326731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5598670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    273273808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5536347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    408090898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5415138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    402847741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5693609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    163497899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4443364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    281577835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5432806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    395228589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4561503487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               78278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                78493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               78493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.415312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.322687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.377237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.385255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.384225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.384225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148230.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151802.634824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172897.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150428.928626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153258.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150568.704620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165634.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.681716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156549.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151978.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155919.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151028.065257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151759.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151134.767555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171693.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150847.563193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175606.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151035.995509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154997.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150946.874854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155518.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150806.250138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151940.258473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150420.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151560.474417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158155.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151246.900093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148112.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150094.794776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150911.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150620.651296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151248.748019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       163689                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       131304                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147496.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148230.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151802.634824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172897.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150428.928626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153258.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150568.704620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165634.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.681716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156549.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151978.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155919.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151028.065257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151759.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151134.767555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171693.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150847.563193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175606.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151035.995509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154997.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150946.874854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155518.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150813.359823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151932.575577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150420.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151560.474417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158155.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151246.900093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148112.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150094.794776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150911.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150620.651296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151248.499188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148230.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151802.634824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172897.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150428.928626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153258.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150568.704620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165634.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151089.681716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156549.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151978.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155919.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151028.065257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151759.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151134.767555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171693.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150847.563193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175606.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151035.995509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154997.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150946.874854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155518.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150813.359823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       149631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151932.575577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150420.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151560.474417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158155.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151246.900093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 148112.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150094.794776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 150911.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150620.651296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151248.499188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9397                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9397                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    292931543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4359478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121430242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3138271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167829859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4301649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123401309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3540143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    102359416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3422337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100944636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3368345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247458467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4318083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125325908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4703821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123995061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3390375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159263615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3507153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167614415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3386393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    251640973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3321579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    248103965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3598265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100547184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2697911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172288512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3338291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    242417884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805184726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       105889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        73254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       179143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    292931543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4359478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121430242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3138271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167829859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4301649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123401309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3540143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    102359416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3422337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100944636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3368345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247458467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4318083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125325908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4703821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123995061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3390375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159263615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3507153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167720304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3386393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    251714227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3321579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    248103965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3598265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100547184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2697911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172288512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3338291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    242417884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805363869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    292931543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4359478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    121430242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3138271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    167829859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4301649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123401309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3540143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    102359416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3422337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100944636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3368345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    247458467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4318083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    125325908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4703821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123995061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3390375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159263615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3507153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    167720304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3386393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    251714227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3321579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    248103965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3598265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    100547184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2697911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172288512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3338291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    242417884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2805363869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.325776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.412932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.362152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.357602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.368914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.415312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.322687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.377237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.409616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.384225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.428415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.351387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.370039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.324517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.323328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.411974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.356172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.367994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.416176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.414341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.321535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.376782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89990.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93588.352396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 114723.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92202.157935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95099.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92315.654015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107541.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92852.753198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98337.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93735.728938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97781.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92779.996324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93565.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92924.696583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 113633.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92628.165558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117595.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92810.674401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96867.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92702.919092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97420.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92553.514633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91524.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93721.032775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92266.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93342.349511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99951.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93013.121184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 89930.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91838.226013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92730.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92384.864329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93019.356236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       105889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        73254                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89571.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89990.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93588.352396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 114723.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92202.157935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95099.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92315.654015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107541.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92852.753198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98337.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93735.728938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97781.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92779.996324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93565.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92924.696583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 113633.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92628.165558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117595.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92810.674401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96867.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92702.919092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97420.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92560.874172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91524.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93713.412882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92266.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93342.349511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99951.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93013.121184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 89930.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91838.226013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92730.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92384.864329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93019.127590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89990.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93588.352396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 114723.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92202.157935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95099.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92315.654015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107541.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92852.753198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98337.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93735.728938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97781.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92779.996324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93565.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92924.696583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 113633.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92628.165558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 117595.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92810.674401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96867.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92702.919092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97420.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92560.874172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91524.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93713.412882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92266.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93342.349511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 99951.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93013.121184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 89930.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91838.226013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92730.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92384.864329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93019.127590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              573.960094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001078437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1725997.305172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.662995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.052345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1070547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1070547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1070547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7738989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7738989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7738989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7738989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7738989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7738989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1070594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164659.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164659.340426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164659.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164659.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164659.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164659.340426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6287071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6287071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6287071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6287071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6287071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6287071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169920.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169920.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169920.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169920.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 169920.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169920.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51983.999868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.813783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.186217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3101154785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3101154785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1528216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1528216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3102683001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3102683001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3102683001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3102683001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2825594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2825594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118863.732656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118863.732656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76410.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76410.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118831.214133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118831.214133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118831.214133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118831.214133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1370                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    798437542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    798437542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       390410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       390410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    798827952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    798827952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    798827952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    798827952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109375.005753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109375.005753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65068.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65068.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109338.619217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109338.619217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109338.619217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109338.619217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              509.461088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              971548355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1886501.660194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.461088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1097993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1097993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1097993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10843547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10843547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10843547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10843547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10843547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10843547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1098038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1098038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1098038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240967.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240967.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240967.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240967.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 240967.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240967.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9930268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9930268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9930268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9930268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9930268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9930268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 248256.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248256.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 248256.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248256.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 248256.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248256.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148001435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36963.395355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   222.460926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    33.539074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.868988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.131012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       753803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       633180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1386983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1386983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        11952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        11952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1427317924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1427317924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7379957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7379957                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1434697881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1434697881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1434697881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1434697881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       765668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       633267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1611                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1398935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1398935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1398935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1398935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120296.495912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120296.495912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84827.091954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84827.091954                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120038.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120038.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120038.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120038.309990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    375468006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375468006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1016565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1016565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    376484571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376484571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    376484571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376484571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100580.767747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100580.767747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        67771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100449.458645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100449.458645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100449.458645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100449.458645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.792171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              972761628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1885196.953488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.792171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1082287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1082287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1082287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1082287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1082287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1082287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7169673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7169673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7169673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7169673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7169673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7169673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1082329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1082329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1082329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1082329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1082329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1082329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170706.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170706.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170706.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170706.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170706.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170706.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5874934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5874934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5874934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5874934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172792.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172792.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172792.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172792.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172792.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172792.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              153802317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             29754.752757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.501825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.498175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.884773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.115227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       760197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       643152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1594                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1403349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1403349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1403349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1403349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2139009541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2139009541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     49555090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49555090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2188564631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2188564631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2188564631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2188564631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       777106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       643575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1594                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1594                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1420681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1420681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1420681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1420681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126501.244367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126501.244367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 117151.513002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117151.513002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126273.057408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126273.057408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126273.057408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126273.057408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1703                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    501923909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501923909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1005480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    502929389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502929389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    502929389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502929389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102475.277460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102475.277460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        67032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102367.064726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102367.064726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102367.064726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102367.064726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.162364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              971548347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1879203.765957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.162364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1097985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1097985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1097985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1097985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1097985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11093665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11093665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11093665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11093665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11093665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11093665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1098035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221873.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221873.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221873.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221873.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 221873.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221873.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9593928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9593928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9593928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9593928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9593928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9593928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228426.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228426.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228426.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228426.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 228426.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228426.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148000907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36972.497377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   222.453539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    33.546461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.868959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.131041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       753338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       633205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633205                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1386543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1386543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        11944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        11944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1426165355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1426165355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7433226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7433226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1433598581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1433598581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1433598581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1433598581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       765194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       633293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1522                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1398487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1398487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1398487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1398487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120290.600118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120290.600118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84468.477273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84468.477273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120026.672890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120026.672890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120026.672890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120026.672890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    376209337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376209337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1049739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    377259076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377259076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    377259076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377259076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100806.360397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100806.360397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69982.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69982.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100682.966640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100682.966640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100682.966640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100682.966640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.135273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974688784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1977056.356998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.135273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1105223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1105223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1105223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1105223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1105223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1105223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7879098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7879098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7879098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7879098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7879098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7879098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1105269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1105269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1105269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1105269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1105269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1105269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171284.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171284.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171284.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171284.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171284.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171284.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6596359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6596359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6596359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6596359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173588.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173588.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173588.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173588.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173588.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173588.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144279750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 3621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             39845.277548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   219.040528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    36.959472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.855627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.144373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       879988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        879988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       652507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1532495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1532495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1532495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1532495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         8715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    922738808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    922738808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5031739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5031739                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    927770547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    927770547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    927770547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    927770547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       888641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       652569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652569                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1675                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1541210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1541210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106638.022420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106638.022420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81157.080645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81157.080645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106456.746644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106456.746644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106456.746644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106456.746644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3800                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    328934648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328934648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       985883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       985883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    329920531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329920531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    329920531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329920531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98130.861575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98130.861575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75837.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75837.153846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98044.734324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98044.734324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98044.734324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98044.734324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.783841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              974688900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs                  1981075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.783841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.052538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1105339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1105339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1105339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1105339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1105339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1105339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8368203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8368203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8368203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8368203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8368203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8368203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1105389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1105389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1105389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1105389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1105389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1105389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167364.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167364.060000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167364.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167364.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167364.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167364.060000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6616722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6616722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6616722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178830.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178830.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178830.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178830.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 178830.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178830.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              144280368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 3621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             39845.448219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.168370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.831630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.856126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.143874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       880141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       652951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1533092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1533092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1533092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1533092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         8655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         8655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    916749529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916749529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4409711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4409711                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    921159240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    921159240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    921159240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    921159240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       888746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       653001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       653001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1541747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1541747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106536.842417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106536.842417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 88194.220000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88194.220000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106430.876950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106430.876950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106430.876950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106430.876950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    327452552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327452552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       916519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       916519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    328369071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328369071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    328369071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    328369071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97688.708831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97688.708831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70501.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70501.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97583.676374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97583.676374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97583.676374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97583.676374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.634340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977197311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1854264.347249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.634340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1093796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1093796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1093796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1093796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1093796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1093796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7454966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7454966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7454966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7454966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7454966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7454966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1093843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1093843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1093843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1093843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1093843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1093843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158616.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158616.297872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158616.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158616.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158616.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158616.297872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6126128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6126128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6126128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6126128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6126128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6126128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165571.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165571.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165571.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165571.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165571.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165571.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162698341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24211.062649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.026584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.973416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       757388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       626135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1383523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1383523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1383523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1383523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        16659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        16659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        16659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1977981136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1977981136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7197352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7197352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1985178488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1985178488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1985178488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1985178488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       773962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       773962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       626220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1400182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1400182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119342.411971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119342.411971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84674.729412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84674.729412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119165.525422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119165.525422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119165.525422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119165.525422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    687807760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687807760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1042798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042798                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    688850558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    688850558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    688850558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    688850558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106653.397426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106653.397426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69519.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69519.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106567.227413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106567.227413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106567.227413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106567.227413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.304030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              971547612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1886500.217476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.304030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1097250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1097250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10715563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10715563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10715563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10715563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10715563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10715563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 238123.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 238123.622222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 238123.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 238123.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 238123.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 238123.622222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9603033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9603033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9603033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9603033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9603033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9603033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 240075.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240075.825000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 240075.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240075.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 240075.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240075.825000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148001751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36935.800100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   222.439347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    33.560653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.868904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.131096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       753722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       633631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1387353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1387353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1387353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1387353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        11925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        11925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        11925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436839548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1436839548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8205570                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8205570                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1445045118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1445045118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1445045118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1445045118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       765560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       633718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1556                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1399278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1399278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1399278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1399278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121375.194121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121375.194121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94316.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94316.896552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121177.787673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121177.787673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121177.787673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121177.787673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    379643336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379643336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1174107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1174107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    380817443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380817443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    380817443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380817443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101617.595289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101617.595289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78273.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78273.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101524.245001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101524.245001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 101524.245001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101524.245001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.349663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              971547595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1879202.311412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.349663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1097233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1097233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1097233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1097233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1097233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12437661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12437661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12437661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12437661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12437661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12437661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1097285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1097285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1097285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 239185.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239185.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 239185.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239185.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 239185.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239185.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10763372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10763372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10763372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10763372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10763372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10763372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 256270.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256270.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 256270.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256270.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 256270.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256270.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148002207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36935.913901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   222.433638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    33.566362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.868881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.131119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       753796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        753796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       633956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1387752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1387752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1387752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1387752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        11934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1434161598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434161598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7468912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7468912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1441630510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1441630510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1441630510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1441630510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       765645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       765645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       634041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634041                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1399686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1399686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1399686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1399686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121036.509241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121036.509241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87869.552941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87869.552941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120800.277359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120800.277359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120800.277359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120800.277359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    378936836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378936836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1097206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1097206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380034042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380034042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380034042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380034042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101428.489293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101428.489293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 73147.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73147.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101315.393762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101315.393762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101315.393762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101315.393762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              513.409032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              972762387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1877919.666023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.409032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.050335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1083046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1083046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1083046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1083046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1083046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1083046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7961859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7961859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7961859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7961859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7961859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7961859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1083091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1083091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1083091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1083091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1083091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1083091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176930.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176930.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176930.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6438266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6438266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178840.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178840.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178840.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178840.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              153803395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             29674.589041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.504101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.495899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.884782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.115218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       761075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        761075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       643404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643404                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1404479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1404479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1404479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1404479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        16936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2119480331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2119480331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48208232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48208232                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2167688563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2167688563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2167688563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2167688563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       778011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       778011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       643823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1421834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1421834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1421834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1421834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125146.453177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125146.453177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115055.446301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115055.446301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124902.827024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124902.827024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124902.827024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124902.827024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1809                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    494769795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    494769795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1016279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1016279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    495786074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495786074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    495786074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495786074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100726.749796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100726.749796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67751.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67751.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100626.359651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100626.359651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100626.359651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100626.359651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              515.118824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972761203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1874299.042389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.118824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1081862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1081862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1081862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1081862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1081862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1081862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8059734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8059734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8059734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8059734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8059734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8059734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1081907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1081907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1081907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1081907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1081907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1081907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179105.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179105.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179105.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179105.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179105.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179105.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6664313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6664313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6664313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6664313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6664313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6664313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180116.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180116.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180116.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180116.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180116.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180116.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153801686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             29691.445174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.516088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.483912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.884828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.115172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       759992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        759992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       642815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       642815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1402807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1402807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1402807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1402807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2154518352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2154518352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     47750156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47750156                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2202268508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2202268508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2202268508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2202268508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       777001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       777001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       643229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1420230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1420230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1420230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1420230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126669.313422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.313422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115338.541063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115338.541063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126400.075073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126400.075073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126400.075073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126400.075073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    502551777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502551777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1088483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1088483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503640260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503640260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    503640260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503640260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102373.554084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102373.554084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72565.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72565.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102282.749797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102282.749797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102282.749797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102282.749797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              521.843354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              977197145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1850752.168561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.843354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1093630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1093630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1093630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1093630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1093630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1093630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7471345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7471345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7471345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7471345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7471345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7471345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1093679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1093679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1093679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1093679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1093679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1093679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152476.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152476.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152476.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152476.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6090325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6090325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6090325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160271.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160271.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160271.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160271.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160271.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160271.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              162697998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             24247.093592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.829350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.170650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.110042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       757262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        757262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       625885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       625885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1383147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1383147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1383147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1383147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        16511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        16511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        16511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1969576890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1969576890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7805353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7805353                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1977382243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1977382243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1977382243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1977382243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       773686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       773686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       625972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       625972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1399658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1399658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1399658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1399658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119920.658183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119920.658183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89716.701149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89716.701149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119761.507056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119761.507056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119761.507056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119761.507056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    691454637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    691454637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1058813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1058813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    692513450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692513450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    692513450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692513450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107385.407206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107385.407206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70587.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70587.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107299.883793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107299.883793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107299.883793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107299.883793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              520.074603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              977197391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1854264.499051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.074603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1093876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1093876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1093876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1093876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1093876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1093876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7744093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7744093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7744093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7744093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7744093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7744093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1093924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1093924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1093924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1093924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1093924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1093924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161335.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161335.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161335.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161335.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161335.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161335.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6177092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6177092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6177092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6177092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166948.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166948.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166948.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166948.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166948.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166948.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              162699186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             24389.025034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.000461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.999539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.890627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.109373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       758158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       626202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1384360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1384360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        16511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        16511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        16511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1961893150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1961893150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7473593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7473593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1969366743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1969366743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1969366743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1969366743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       774581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       626290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1739                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1400871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1400871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119460.095598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119460.095598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84927.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84927.193182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119276.042820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119276.042820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119276.042820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119276.042820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    684861409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684861409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1036455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    685897864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685897864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    685897864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685897864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107009.595156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107009.595156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106920.945284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106920.945284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106920.945284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106920.945284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.321477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              974688987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1977056.768763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.321477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1105426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1105426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1105426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1105426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1105426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1105426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8105221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8105221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8105221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8105221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1105473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1105473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1105473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1105473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1105473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1105473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172451.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172451.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172451.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172451.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172451.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172451.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6635480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6635480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6635480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6635480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6635480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6635480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174617.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174617.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174617.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174617.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 174617.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174617.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              144279790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             39878.327805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   219.156326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    36.843674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.856079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.143921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       880083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        880083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       652467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       652467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1532550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1532550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1532550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1532550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         8659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         8659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    920327738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920327738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4588375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4588375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    924916113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    924916113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    924916113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    924916113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       888697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       888697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       652512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       652512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1586                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1541209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1541209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1541209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1541209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106840.926167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106840.926167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101963.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101963.888889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106815.580668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106815.580668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106815.580668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106815.580668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    328263575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328263575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       952297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       952297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329215872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329215872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    329215872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329215872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97989.126866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97989.126866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79358.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79358.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97922.627008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97922.627008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97922.627008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97922.627008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.890755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              888912288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1593032.774194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.561672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.329082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.037759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1096441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1096441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1096441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5611409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5611409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5611409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5611409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1096478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151659.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151659.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151659.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151659.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151659.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151659.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4826740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4826740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4826740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4826740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4826740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4826740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155701.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155701.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155701.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155701.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155701.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155701.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              199353551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             38080.907545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.407889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.592111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.720343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.279657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1649813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1649813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1941028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1941028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1941028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1941028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        17647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        17647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1923482227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1923482227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2576295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2576295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1926058522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1926058522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1926058522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1926058522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1667430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1667430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291245                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1958675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1958675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1958675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1958675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109183.301754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109183.301754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85876.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85876.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109143.680059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109143.680059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109143.680059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109143.680059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    507643704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507643704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       391945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    508035649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508035649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    508035649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508035649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102079.972652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102079.972652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65324.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65324.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102035.679655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102035.679655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102035.679655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102035.679655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.421643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              977197956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1854265.571157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    29.421643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.047150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1094441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1094441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1094441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1094441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7251703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7251703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7251703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7251703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7251703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7251703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1094487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1094487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1094487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1094487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157645.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157645.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157645.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157645.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6137229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6137229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6137229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6137229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165871.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165871.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165871.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165871.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              162699481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24367.153063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.968537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.031463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.890502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.109498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       758292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       626384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       626384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1384676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1384676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1384676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1384676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        16466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        16466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        16466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1940516968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1940516968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7018119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7018119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1947535087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1947535087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1947535087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1947535087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       774670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       774670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       626472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       626472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1461                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1401142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1401142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118483.146172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118483.146172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 79751.352273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79751.352273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118276.150067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118276.150067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118276.150067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118276.150067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    676818238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676818238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       981521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    677799759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677799759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    677799759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677799759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105653.799251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105653.799251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65434.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65434.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105559.844105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105559.844105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105559.844105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105559.844105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
