
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398830                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   510780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 296306                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39971.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15941823348                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20416668786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       247936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       406144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       449408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4680704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1125888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1125888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8796                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20933832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     34291714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37825717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21647117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395203087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5825160                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          95061429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               95061429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          95061429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20933832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     34291714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37825717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21647117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     37782487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              490264516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205153     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084411     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412056     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1935400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310107                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278716                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20548487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11004852                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1935400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1391579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2453475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        511225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       857843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1243913                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24214972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21761497     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         379274      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184579      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         374243      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         115420      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         348646      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          53205      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86529      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         911579      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24214972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20355608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1055787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2448357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       178045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12271194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20378152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        690631                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       294971                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2425744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        72264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12251430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        55488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16014380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55463177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55463177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12949057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3065323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          165006                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       349003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        79512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12186976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11398914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4581644                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24214972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19215797     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551823      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701722      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974585      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495464      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124464      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144894      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3432      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2791      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24214972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18672     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7730     23.68%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6247     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8914877     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86823      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050779     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345647      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11398914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.401337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32649                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47053047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14415814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11107271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11431563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       353204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        608824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12188590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4166                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       164292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11256175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2367527                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1713938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           345609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.396311                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11110138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11107271                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6730468                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14514104                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.391068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1587                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       154065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23861768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20177732     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434921      6.01%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934587      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290737      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492236      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93431      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59257      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53754      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325113      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23861768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8863494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9945129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2126654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1786706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1529116                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8680684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       325113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35725748                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24731688                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4187413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9945129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.204423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.204423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52378905                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14438604                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13090122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2078065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9076                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19851373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11821220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2078065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1023750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2599603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        586459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2001842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1225445                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24829987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22230384     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         281278      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         324344      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         178763      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         208419      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         113146      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          77491      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         201071      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1215091      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24829987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.416205                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19687099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2169555                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2578909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       375020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       337234                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14432082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       375020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19718031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        534672                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1548026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2568160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        86072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14422159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        21975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        40226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     20033542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67155482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67155482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17051441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2982101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3784                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2119                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          233313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       750188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19660                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       165995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14394326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3790                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13584217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4271122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24829987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19105787     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302341      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1237026      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       856806      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748263      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383511      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91649      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59927      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44677      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24829987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3320     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13184     44.23%     55.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13301     44.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11367079     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212430      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1661      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259055      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743992      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13584217                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478277                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29805                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52047811                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13353130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13614022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18524                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          449                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       375020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        486031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14398137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2119                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9905                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       234471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13380340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1924540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1870808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           743748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.471099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13353433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13353130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7938681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20800251                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.470141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10015167                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12287369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2110935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       206606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24454967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19433800     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2328900      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       977109      4.00%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       585166      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406036      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261313      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136928      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109244      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216471      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24454967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10015167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12287369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1862131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1130467                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1758463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11077685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       250002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       216471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38636735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29171643                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                307081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3572398                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10015167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12287369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10015167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.835937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.835937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.352617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.352617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60355709                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18530799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13465097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2456970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045281                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21377828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             13475004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2456970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1162439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2809056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        627894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1993314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1329262                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215281                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26585670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23776614     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         172152      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         216808      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         345667      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         145079      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         186388      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         216653      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          99718      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1426591      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26585670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086506                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.474432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21256681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2131408                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2795753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       374143                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16475304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21278492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         69106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2002180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2775292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        60152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16374769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     22865455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     76145413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     76145413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     19107324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3758122                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          211256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       801492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       179969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15987888                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15327399                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961699                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26585670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20092529     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2960301     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211018      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679004      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919066      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283533      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279207      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149217      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11795      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26585670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105859     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14497     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13701     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12911736     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209294      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405715      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798759      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15327399                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.539652                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134057                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57390469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17953652                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14926232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     15461456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12230                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       400441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         52850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6819                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15991869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126713                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       259288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15059373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2180704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2129478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           798630                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.530215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14926352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14926232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8941717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        24023123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.525527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11116370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2294060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       226834                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26185229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20387272     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2938322     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067700      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530293      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486618      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204189      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202347      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96135      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272353      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26185229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11116370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13697869                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2031169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1241907                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1985436                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12332556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       282849                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       272353                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41904727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          32384320                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                326874                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1816715                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11116370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13697869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11116370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.555005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.555005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       67756430                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      20855224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15232354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2196144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21130359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12283332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2196144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2562587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        591347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1144264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1294213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25209829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22647242     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         119416      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         189537      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         256288      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         263509      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         223549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         125803      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         185701      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1198784      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25209829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20913829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1362895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       361347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15070293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20971983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        182959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1046963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2503279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       132285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15063825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        56878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70078715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70078715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18185718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2833215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          395999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1410917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       763366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       174432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15043958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1686007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25209829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19176330     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2476416      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256200      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950049      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746784      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301384      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190010      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99279      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25209829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2609     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8730     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12588     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12005125     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1294336      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       760774      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53786126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16733777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14057382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        150988                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1410917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1216534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1977239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1999423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           760705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14057508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14057382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8070208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21752507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10601751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13045686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       218422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24837471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19489151     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2648746     10.66%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003354      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400327      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       230968      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204231      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90954      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292560      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24837471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10601751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13045686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1933423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1181671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11753949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       268687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       292560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39592571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30467856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                321818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3192556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13045686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.679028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.679028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63348620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19581445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13969842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1993882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630916                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8799                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19335391                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11317451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1993882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       987315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2369248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        574394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       956802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1191050                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23034731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20665483     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         128714      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         201954      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         322036      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         133094      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         149100      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         159918      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         104034      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1170398      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23034731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19149665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1144298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2361657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       326410                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13816321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19180523                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        219508                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       836365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2337486                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13805712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        23685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        32780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19162475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64215422                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64215422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16307639                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2854836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          262403                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1316981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       707316                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       160483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13784507                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13028418                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1775644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3983003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          413                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23034731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17540548     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206211      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204869      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822624      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768820      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220021      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172622      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58648      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40368      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23034731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3112     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9503     38.93%     51.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11794     48.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10913953     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206110      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1204204      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702573      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13028418                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.458709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49133086                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15563896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12815286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13052827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          835                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       373015                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        136871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13788127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1316981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707316                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2006                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113744                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113470                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       227214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12840452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1834816                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1806212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           702230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.452091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12815500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12815286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7494093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19576542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.451205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9579363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11741935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2046262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       200724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22661716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17893842     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2309288     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899320      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       485286      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361034      1.59%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202230      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125670      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111525      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273521      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22661716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9579363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11741935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1761008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1076462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1685385                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10580526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       238586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       273521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36176327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27949445                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                315496                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               5367654                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9579363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11741935                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9579363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.964955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.964955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.337273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.337273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       57900319                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17764301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12886661                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1933479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1744266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       719714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         688538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20494399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12150552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1933479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       794798                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2401677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        328081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2734865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1178008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25852608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23450931     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          85090      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         175082      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          73796      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         397695      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         355533      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          68641      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         144835      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1101005      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25852608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.427800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20276301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2954604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2392708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       221396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       169930                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14249332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       221396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20304668                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2736369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       123522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2375066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        91580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14240490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        46148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          577                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16735280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67061271                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67061271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     14787362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1947828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1664                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          217599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3353856                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1693560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15183                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        83140                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14210085                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13638667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1133179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2740359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25852608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20952154     81.04%     81.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1495280      5.78%     86.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213385      4.69%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       524303      2.03%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       653384      2.53%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617344      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       351309      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27994      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17455      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25852608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34110     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261414     86.22%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7662      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8564034     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119204      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3265409     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1689204     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13638667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.480194                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53441009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15345300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13519557                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13941853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1206                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       221396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2667575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14211765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3353856                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1693560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          847                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59629                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61906                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       121535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13541649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3254437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        97018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            4943464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1773794                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1689027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.476779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13519978                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13519557                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7307367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14443798                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.476001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10971853                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12893925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1319241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       105938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25631212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20935428     81.68%     81.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1729523      6.75%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806016      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790569      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219076      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       903854      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69073      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50733      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126940      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25631212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10971853                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12893925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              4899716                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3217393                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1702604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11466148                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       124990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       126940                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           39717399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          28647828                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                441176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2549777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10971853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12893925                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10971853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.588659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.588659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.386300                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.386300                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       66927819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15713461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      16947527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2456738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21375392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13473477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2456738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1162325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2808751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        627852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1329118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26584231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23775480     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         172122      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         216786      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         345633      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         145064      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         186372      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         216638      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          99705      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1426431      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26584231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.474378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21254403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2132576                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2795449                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       374105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16473541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21276211                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         69044                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2003416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2774995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        60142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16373019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22862930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     76137231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     76137231                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19104963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3757938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          211224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       801387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       179963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15986164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15325682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26584231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20091876     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2959908     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210879      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678911      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918975      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283513      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279153      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149228      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11788      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26584231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105862     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14493     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13695     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12910282     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209285      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1894      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405573      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798648      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15325682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.539591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134050                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57385586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17951820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14924542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15459732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11350                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         52816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15990141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       259272                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15057671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2180458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2129271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           798519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.530155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14924660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14924542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8940656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        24020332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.525468                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11114953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13696229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2293940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       226817                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26183815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20386570     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2937939     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067597      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530220      2.02%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486551      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204170      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202315      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96132      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272321      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26183815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11114953                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13696229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2030929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1241778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1985237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12331067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       282827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       272321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41901585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32380803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                326825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1818154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11114953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13696229                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11114953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.555331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.555331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       67748723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      20852798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15230609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1936067                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1746730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103542                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4487                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20516902                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12172115                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1936067                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       795672                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2405526                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        327568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2720877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1178999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25864771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23459245     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          85464      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175272      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          74020      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         398008      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         355894      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          68558      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         145022      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1103288      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25864771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068166                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.428560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20290159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2949233                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2396494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       221221                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       170006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14272926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       221221                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20319016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2726220                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       124555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2378340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        95412                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14264251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        49232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        31484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          677                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16760403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67174194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67174194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14810784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1949619                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1666                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          223566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3360630                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1697582                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15512                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        83053                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14233836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13662114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8199                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1134373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2741713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25864771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20956745     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498402      5.79%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214805      4.70%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523586      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654100      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618986      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352581      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28000      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17566      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25864771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34363     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262211     86.17%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7710      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8575930     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119444      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          817      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3272887     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693036     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13662114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481020                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53501482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15370256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13543572                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13966398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1208                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       221221                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2652552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14235524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3360630                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697582                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       121195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13565789                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96325                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4954842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1776876                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1692838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.477629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13544007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13543572                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7320167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14466908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.476846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10991141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12916162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1320808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       105591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25643550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20940381     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1731664      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806858      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792506      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219312      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905957      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69113      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50519      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127240      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25643550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10991141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12916162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4910297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3224397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1705403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11485805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       125090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39753241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28695196                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                441779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2537614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10991141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12916162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10991141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.584116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.584116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.386980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.386980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67052411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15737842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16980254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1934421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4657                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20537411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10997591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1934421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1390609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2452241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        511015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       858267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21750715     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         379869      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184385      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         374287      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114657      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         348441      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53043      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86164      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         911395      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24202956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.387207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20345143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1055584                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2447186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1967                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12262674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20367555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        687758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       298022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2424618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        71922                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12243016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        55306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16002256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55420546                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55420546                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12937235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3064993                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          164367                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246594                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       348487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12177745                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11388935                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7698                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225844                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4580502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19207598     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1550531      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701149      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973719      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494893      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124029      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144821      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3422      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2794      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18740     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7719     23.60%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6243     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8907375     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86604      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049136     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345033      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11388935                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.400985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47021225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14405221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11098003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11421637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        606353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12179350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246594                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       164185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11246657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2365721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1712689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           344996                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.395976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11100849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11098003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6724964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14497513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.390742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23849881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20169347     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433690      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933280      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290281      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492005      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93492      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59223      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53807      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324756      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23849881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8856625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9936608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2125386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1785924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1527872                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8673016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35704959                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24713058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463059                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4199429                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9936608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.206908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.206908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.311827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.311827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52334803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14425712                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13081499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1939409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1736193                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1281067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20583674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11025790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1939409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1394173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2458210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        512364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       854462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1246210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24252332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21794122     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         380541      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184682      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         374790      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         115667      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         348655      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          53327      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86896      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         913652      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24252332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20390602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1052614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2453118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178878                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1967                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12295255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20413146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        689195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       293258                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2430435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        72273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12275446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        55570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16046463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55570823                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55570823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12973812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3072613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          165004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251518                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       349898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        79553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12210576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11419244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2231639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4597161                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24252332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19243898     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555499      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1703910      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976545      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496522      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124581      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145132      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3455      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2790      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24252332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18589     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.76%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6264     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8931307     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87010      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2053705     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346432      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11419244                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.402052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47130966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14443854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11127479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11451844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       462272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        607383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12212187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251518                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104869                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       164576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11276595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2024893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2371283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1717193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           346390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.397030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11130300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11127479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6741912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14538149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8879193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9963569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       154385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23898313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20206880     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438114      6.02%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936320      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291201      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493044      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93900      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59607      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54082      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325165      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23898313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8879193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9963569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2130070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1789243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1531856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8697067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       121349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       325165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35785808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24779671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4150053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8879193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9963569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8879193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.198757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.198757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52471573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14465514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13114312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1934472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732075                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10999419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1934472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1391254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2452472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        510451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       870176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1243348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21766169     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         379366      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184657      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         374322      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114687      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         348562      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53272      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86352      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         911254      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24218641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.387271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20348191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1068381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2447375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12264917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20370657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        705390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       292845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2424861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        72182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12245620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        55455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16004924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55435882                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55435882                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12945700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3059224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       348766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3057                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12181542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395389                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220246     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551835      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702229      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974120      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494688      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124172      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145120      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2787      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18647     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7729     23.70%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6239     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911171     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86773      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051285     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345372      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395389                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47049608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14406714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11103863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        623803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12183143                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11253168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2367495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1713475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           345338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11106815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11103863                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6728399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14507478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.390948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9942732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23865941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20182293     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435120      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934205      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290926      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491758      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93832      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59129      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53966      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324712      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23865941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8861556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9942732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2126303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1786492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1528783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8678522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35724864                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24720267                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4183744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9942732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.205124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.205124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52365404                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14433145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13084314                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2456899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21377214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             13474630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2456899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1162404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2808974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        627882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1992327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1329226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26581517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23772543     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         172147      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         216798      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         345657      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         145071      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         186383      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         216649      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          99716      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1426553      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26581517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21253653                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2130372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2795669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       374132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     16474845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21275465                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         69034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2001215                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2775212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        60149                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     16374316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        41736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22864833                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     76143308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     76143308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19106710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3758065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          211247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       801466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       179966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15987439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        15326919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26581517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20088576     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2960225     11.14%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210966      4.56%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678977      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919042      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283529      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279188      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149222      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11792      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26581517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105859     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14497     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13700     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12911344     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209290      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405660      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798730      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     15326919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134056                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57385352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17953189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14925760                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15460975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       400435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         52810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15991420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       259282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15058892                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382021                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2180622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2129406                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           798601                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.530198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14925879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14925760                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8941411                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        24022324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11115996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2294032                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       226828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26181082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20383305     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2938242     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067669      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530271      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486596      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204181      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202343      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96132      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26181082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11115996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13697408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2031087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1241859                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1985369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12332145                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       282842                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       272343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41900101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          32383380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                326862                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1820868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11115996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13697408                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11115996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       67754272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20854582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15231921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1990812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19310401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11297742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1990812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       987271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2366211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        573789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1025307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1189971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23074417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20708206     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         128858      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         202075      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         321061      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         133787      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         148991      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         159902      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         103924      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1167613      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23074417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19125984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1211559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2358464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       325722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13792658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19156382                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        268272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       851416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2334818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        91296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13781773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         5307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9938                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19130236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64105299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64105299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16282487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2847749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          259775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       706378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       160312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13006123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23074417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17589108     76.23%     76.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203228      9.55%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202289      5.21%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       821803      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766899      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220323      0.95%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172003      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58433      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40331      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23074417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3145     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9496     38.85%     51.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11800     48.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10894450     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205744      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202810      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701544      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13006123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.457924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49128323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15532044                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12793354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13030564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        192688                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       227386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12818435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1831897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1803205                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           701179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.451315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12793564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12793354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7480723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19542204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.450432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11723712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       200903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22702197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941965     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305479     10.16%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898233      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483833      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360642      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125446      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111384      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273087      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22702197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9564555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11723712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1758244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1074778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1682746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10564101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       238204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       273087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36192590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27899351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                315076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5327968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11723712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.969546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.969546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.336752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.336752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57800991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17734885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12864471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1990513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1627976                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       818951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19312496                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11298343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1990513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       986653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2366476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        574115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       960533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1189870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23012469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20645993     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         128940      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         202731      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         321648      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         132930      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         148669      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         159568      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         103585      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1168405      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23012469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19126177                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1148615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2358870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372694                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       326102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13793093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372694                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19157187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        240738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       818992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2334495                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13782495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        23694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        32967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5862                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19130939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     64109958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     64109958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16283874                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2847065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          263263                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       706393                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       160639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13760642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13007001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          359                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23012469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17526008     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203337      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203728      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822082      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766757      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219237      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172816      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58179      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40325      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23012469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3095     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9428     38.83%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11759     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10895375     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205748      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202750      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701553      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13007001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.457955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49067782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15533066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12794153                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13031283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22871                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372694                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        166089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13764201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       226880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12819339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1832016                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1803453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           701176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12794349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12794153                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7480664                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19541418                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9565364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11724710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       200771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22639775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17879002     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305818     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898555      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483664      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360762      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201954      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125430      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111328      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273262      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22639775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9565364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11724710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1758382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1074860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1682882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10565005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       238225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       273262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36130707                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27901251                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                315453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5389916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9565364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11724710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9565364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57805844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17734964                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12865049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28399781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1930753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1741837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       720109                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4545                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20474489                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12139458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1930753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       794256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2399465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        327342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2747806                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1176912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25842781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23443316     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          85050      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         174858      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          73906      0.29%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         397416      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         355021      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          68910      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         144614      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1099690      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25842781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20262639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2961259                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2390474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7623                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       220781                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       169651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14235061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       220781                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20290771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2736912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       129555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2372835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        91920                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14226315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        46612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          576                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16715360                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66997173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66997173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14769314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1945902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1660                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          216990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3351897                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1693205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        83069                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195680                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1666                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13626317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8045                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1130092                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2729731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25842781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20947924     81.06%     81.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1495484      5.79%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1209996      4.68%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521938      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652251      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617977      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       351795      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27960      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17456      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25842781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34267     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261907     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7661      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8553339     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119077      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          815      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3264314     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1688772     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13626317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.479804                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303835                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53407295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15327800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13507714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13930152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1201                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       220781                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2665376                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26257                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3351897                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1693205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       121119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13529770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3253563                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            4942137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1771846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1688574                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.476404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13508141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13507714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7300480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14423971                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.475627                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506135                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10961261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12880867                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1317864                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       105822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25622000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20930891     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1728579      6.75%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       804216      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       789854      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217998      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904412      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68848      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50462      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126740      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25622000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10961261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12880867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              4897749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3216168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1700665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11454425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       124716                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       126740                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39693952                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28618382                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                441574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2557000                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12880867                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10961261                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.590923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.590923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.385963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.385963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       66876151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15695080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      16935427                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681545774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761986129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764424080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764424080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869915.040869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.154980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511806190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589172576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591434638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514068252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591434638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782103.564408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807506.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.212920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.841624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.212920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.841624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.885914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        29.976442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.621569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.047063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   895.764774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1105.452508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.008324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.539772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589654889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1634743456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589654889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1634743456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589654889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1634743456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794430.229385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806484.191416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794430.229385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806484.191416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794430.229385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806484.191416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42804886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413919238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456724124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42804886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413919238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456724124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42804886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413919238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456724124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646341.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706606.315842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718660.149975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646341.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706606.315842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718660.149975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646341.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706606.315842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718660.149975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1972                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.577807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         181205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        45.075871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.619510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.873613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   851.799749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1128.284935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.415918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.550920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2009                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                2009                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3735                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3736                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1971                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72435064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1669869686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1742304750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1173751                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1173751                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72435064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1671043437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1743478501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72435064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1671043437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1743478501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2009                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            2009                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130443.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862981.749871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884867.826308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 586875.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 586875.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130443.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862696.663397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884565.449518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2130443.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862696.663397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884565.449518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     69449864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1499976686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1569426550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       998151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       998151                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     69449864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1500974837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570424701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     69449864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1500974837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570424701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.342175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.341502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2042643.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 775181.749871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797067.826308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 499075.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499075.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2042643.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 774896.663397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796765.449518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2042643.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 774896.663397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796765.449518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.444667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         182967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.226136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.480347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   452.584630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1527.935023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.220989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.746062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3081                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98570221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790935802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889506023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98570221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790935802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      889506023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98570221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    790935802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     889506023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.237941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986976.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826474.192268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898490.932323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986976.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826474.192268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898490.932323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2986976.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 826474.192268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898490.932323                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95672821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706893515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802566336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95672821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706893515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802566336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95672821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    706893515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802566336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.237941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.236999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899176.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738655.710554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810673.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899176.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738655.710554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810673.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2899176.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 738655.710554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810673.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1313                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.471716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.454032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.758095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   597.158096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1392.284296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.291581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.679826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166890164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1166890164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1166890164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.744314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.264840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.744314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.264840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.744314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.264840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.999215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.753237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.999215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.753237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.999215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.753237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3209                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.569509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         124032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        23.607156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.976387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   902.338025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1114.117975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.440595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.544003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3209                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2932717933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2987477562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8662885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8662885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2941380818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2996140447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54759629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2941380818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2996140447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 925731.670770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932421.211610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1732577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1732577                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 927003.094233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933667.948582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1521100.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 927003.094233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933667.948582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2654567533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2706166362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8223885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8223885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2662791418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714390247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51598829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2662791418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714390247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.451416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 837931.670770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844621.211610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1644777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1644777                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839203.094233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845867.948582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1433300.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 839203.094233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845867.948582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3535                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.930428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        27.749239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.301250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.756027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1200.986802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         828.886349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.586419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.404730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4510                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4511                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3536                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65490703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3337231205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3402721908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9597706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9597706                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65490703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3346828911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3412319614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65490703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3346828911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3412319614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              8038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               8047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              8047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.436516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.438915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.437024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871162.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955405.440882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964490.336735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1199713.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1199713.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871162.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955963.699229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965022.515271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1871162.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955963.699229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965022.515271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62417703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3030544530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3092962233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8895306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8895306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62417703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3039439836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101857539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     62417703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3039439836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3101857539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.436516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.437024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783362.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 867605.075866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876689.975340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1111913.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1111913.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783362.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868163.335047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877222.154695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1783362.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868163.335047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877222.154695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.445314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.225477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.445314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.478234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   452.679657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1527.842109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.013905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.221035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.746017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3081                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112096051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793971870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     906067921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112096051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793971870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      906067921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112096051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793971870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     906067921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.238060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3396850.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829646.677116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915220.122222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3396850.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829646.677116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915220.122222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3396850.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829646.677116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915220.122222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109198651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709935436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819134087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109198651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709935436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819134087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109198651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709935436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819134087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.238060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309050.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741834.311390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827408.168687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309050.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741834.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827408.168687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3309050.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741834.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827408.168687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3548                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.929410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.684060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.215059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.135595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1202.900773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         826.677982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.587354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.403651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4505                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3548                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63048041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3287962393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3351010434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9685902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9685902                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63048041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3297648295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3360696336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63048041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3297648295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3360696336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.440025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704001.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 938613.300885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946613.116949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1210737.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1210737.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704001.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 939233.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947208.662909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704001.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 939233.350897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947208.662909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59799441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2980367965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3040167406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8983502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8983502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59799441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2989351467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3049150908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     59799441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2989351467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3049150908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616201.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850804.443334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858804.351977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1122937.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122937.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616201.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 851424.513529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859399.917700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616201.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 851424.513529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859399.917700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.850741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         122141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        29.921852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.843816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.331841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   897.994118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1100.680966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.438474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.537442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3561                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2034                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615373183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1686965636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615373183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1686965636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615373183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1686965636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806476.876186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829383.301868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806476.876186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829383.301868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806476.876186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829383.301868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438658128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507519031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438658128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507519031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438658128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507519031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718251.686470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741159.798918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718251.686470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741159.798918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718251.686470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741159.798918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.849920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         122183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        29.954155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.620405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.089754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   897.269908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1102.869853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.008833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.438120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.538511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3597                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1634334867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1634334867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1634334867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.869940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        29.960755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.668970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   896.338015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1104.023124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.539074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53178207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599797031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652975238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53178207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599797031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1652975238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53178207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599797031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1652975238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899221.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799498.766117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814674.833908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899221.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799498.766117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814674.833908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1899221.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799498.766117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814674.833908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50719123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424048541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474767664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50719123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424048541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474767664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50719123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424048541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474767664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1811397.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711668.436282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726844.585510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1811397.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711668.436282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726844.585510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1811397.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711668.436282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726844.585510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.444644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.225806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.481983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   452.586223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1527.931794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.220989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.746060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3080                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103541034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788835083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     892376117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103541034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788835083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      892376117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103541034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    788835083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     892376117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.238000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137607.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824279.083595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901390.017172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137607.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824279.083595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 901390.017172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3137607.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824279.083595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 901390.017172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704799596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    805443230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704799596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    805443230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100643634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    704799596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    805443230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.238000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049807.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736467.707419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813579.020202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049807.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736467.707419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813579.020202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3049807.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736467.707419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 813579.020202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3202                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.611645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         124028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        23.637888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.026357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.130287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   903.869138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1111.585862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.441342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.542767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2917015367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2988817059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923567481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2995369173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923567481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2995369173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923690.743192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934589.449343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924594.396268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935468.198938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924594.396268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935468.198938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2639696137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2707985303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645897051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714186217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645897051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714186217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835875.914186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846774.641338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836779.586022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847653.409432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707229.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836779.586022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847653.409432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3197                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.570580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         124022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.659290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.129611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.133729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   899.530741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1116.776499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.439224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.545301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3851                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3197                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60266520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2953228928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3013495448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9443177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9443177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60266520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2962672105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3022938625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60266520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2962672105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3022938625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.451193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721900.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 935454.205892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944077.521303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1888635.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1888635.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721900.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936961.450032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945554.777917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721900.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936961.450032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945554.777917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57193520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2675969269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2733162789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9003646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9003646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57193520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2684972915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2742166435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57193520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2684972915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2742166435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.451193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634100.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847630.430472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856254.006579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1800729.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800729.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634100.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 849137.544276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857731.133876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1634100.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 849137.544276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857731.133876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3532                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.928600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        27.762545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.296740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.516862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1204.425308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         825.689690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.588098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.403169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4500                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4501                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3533                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3333482194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3399314368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15692174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349174368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3415006542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     65832174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3349174368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3415006542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              8025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               8034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              8034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 955426.252221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964344.501560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1961521.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957727.871890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966602.474384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1828671.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 957727.871890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966602.474384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3027184049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3089855423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14989774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042173823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104845197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     62671374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3042173823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104845197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.436780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.437289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 867636.586128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876554.729929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1873721.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869938.182156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878812.679592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1740871.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 869938.182156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878812.679592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159265830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159265830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590066939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590066939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590066939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590066939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421863.700429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421863.700429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430860.557707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430860.557707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430860.557707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430860.557707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943108349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943108349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.819449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.819449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.971318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.971318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.971318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.971318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.173528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919941054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1660543.418773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.842322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.331206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1243871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1243871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205261780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35195.778464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.458460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.541540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.751791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.248209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9056217436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9056217436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058446929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9058446929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058446929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9058446929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 457223.074469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457223.074469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456736.092825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456736.092825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456736.092825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456736.092825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840277310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840277310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840662999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840662999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840662999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840662999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330390.899461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330390.899461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330104.555057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330104.555057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330104.555057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330104.555057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.712336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001233488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1936621.833656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.712336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1225396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1225396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1225396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1225396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1225396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    107450142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107450142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    107450142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107450142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    107450142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107450142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1225445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1225445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1225445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2192860.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2192860.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2192860.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2192860.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2192860.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2192860.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72790249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72790249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72790249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72790249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     72790249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72790249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2079721.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079721.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2079721.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079721.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2079721.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2079721.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158377787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26716.900641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   225.393035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    30.606965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.880442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.119558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       862656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        862656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       727472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1590128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1590128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1590128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1590128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8207956146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8207956146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    389266811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    389266811                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8597222957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8597222957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8597222957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8597222957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       881973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       881973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       728069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       728069                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1610042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1610042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1610042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1610042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 424908.430191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424908.430191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 652038.209380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652038.209380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 431717.533243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431717.533243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 431717.533243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431717.533243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5207307                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 578589.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2009                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1930583117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930583117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2162311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2162311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1932745428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1932745428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1932745428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1932745428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341394.008311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341394.008311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 127194.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127194.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340752.014810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340752.014810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340752.014810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340752.014810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.771757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003118173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2047179.944898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.771757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.050916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1329215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1329215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1329215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145003614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145003614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145003614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145003614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    145003614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145003614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1329260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3222302.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3222302.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3222302.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3222302.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3222302.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3222302.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2576006                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 858668.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98992562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98992562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98992562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98992562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98992562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98992562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828358.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828358.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828358.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828358.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2828358.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2828358.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148884698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34672.728924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   220.761062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    35.238938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.862348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.137652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1058470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1843797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1843797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        10408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        10408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2353172576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2353172576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6131465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6131465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2359304041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2359304041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2359304041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2359304041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1068803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       785402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1854205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1854205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 227733.724572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227733.724572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81752.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81752.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226681.787183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226681.787183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 226681.787183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226681.787183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6370                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    998653929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998653929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1113916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    999767845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999767845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    999767845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999767845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 248297.844107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248297.844107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69619.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69619.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247589.857603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247589.857603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247589.857603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247589.857603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.221316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999989991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937965.098837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.221316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152537901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33473.315997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.757857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.242143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4775746340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4775746340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784418679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4784418679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784418679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4784418679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 347352.268529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347352.268529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345345.653169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345345.653169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345345.653169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345345.653169                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1303993214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303993214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305179070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305179070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305179070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305179070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 304457.906608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304457.906608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303459.444315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303459.444315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303459.444315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303459.444315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.276577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1005649036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908252.440228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.276577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1190991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1190991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1190991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     81089330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81089330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1191050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1374395.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55141985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55141985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490323.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167168679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22946.970350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.177416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.822584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.887412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.112588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       823825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       681238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681238                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1505063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1505063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1505063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1505063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8132849517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8132849517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     82334619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82334619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8215184136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8215184136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8215184136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8215184136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       842206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       681333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442459.578750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442459.578750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866680.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866680.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444640.838710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11447                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3211776258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3211776258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9350503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9350503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3221126761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221126761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3221126761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3221126761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 457909.360992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457909.360992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 623366.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623366.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458262.449993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              570.708093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1030760735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1780243.065630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.340309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.367783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1177954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1177954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1177954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1177954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1177954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93267451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93267451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93267451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93267451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     93267451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93267451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1178008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1178008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1178008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727175.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1727175.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727175.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1727175.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1727175.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1727175.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65846245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65846245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65846245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65846245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65846245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65846245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829062.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829062.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829062.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829062.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1829062.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1829062.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406296595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             49158.692680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.088123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.911877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3070081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3070081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1680622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1680622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4750703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4750703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4750703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4750703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        29202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        29202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13923089069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13923089069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33786933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33786933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13956876002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13956876002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13956876002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13956876002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3099253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3099253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1680652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1680652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4779905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4779905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4779905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4779905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477275.780509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477275.780509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1126231.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1126231.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477942.469762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 477942.469762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 477942.469762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 477942.469762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        21191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21191                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3673016554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3673016554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9728507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9728507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3682745061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682745061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3682745061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682745061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459012.316171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459012.316171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1080945.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1080945.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459711.029959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459711.029959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459711.029959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459711.029959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.770019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003118027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2047179.646939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.770019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1329069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1329069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164338219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164338219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164338219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164338219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164338219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164338219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3572569.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3572569.978261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3572569.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3572569.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3572569.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3572569.978261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3886216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       971554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112499232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112499232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112499232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112499232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112499232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112499232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3214263.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3214263.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3214263.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3214263.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3214263.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3214263.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148884484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34696.920065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.752446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.247554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.862314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.137686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1058368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       785219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1843587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1843587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2346964671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2346964671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6112594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6112594                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2353077265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2353077265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2353077265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2353077265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1068696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       785294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1853990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1853990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1853990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1853990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227242.899981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227242.899981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81501.253333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81501.253333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226192.181582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226192.181582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226192.181582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226192.181582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001481788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001481788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1110680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1110680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002592468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002592468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002592468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002592468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 249124.822886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249124.822886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69417.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69417.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 248412.405352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248412.405352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 248412.405352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248412.405352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.168643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030761726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1774116.567986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.800794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.367850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1178945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1178945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1178945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1178945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1178945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88338897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88338897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88338897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88338897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88338897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88338897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1178999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1178999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1178999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635905.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1635905.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635905.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1635905.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1635905.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1635905.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63420183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63420183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63420183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63420183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1668952.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668952.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1668952.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668952.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1668952.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668952.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406307158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             49118.370164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.096803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.903197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3077066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1684196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4761262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4761262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        29264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        29264                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13807016450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13807016450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     34113425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34113425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13841129875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13841129875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13841129875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13841129875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3106300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3106300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1684226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4790526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4790526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4790526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4790526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472293.098789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472293.098789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1137114.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1137114.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472974.640343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472974.640343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472974.640343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472974.640343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3625038724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3625038724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9816611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9816611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3634855335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3634855335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3634855335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3634855335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 452733.698514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452733.698514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1090734.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090734.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453450.016841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453450.016841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453450.016841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453450.016841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.728002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919940424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645689.488372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.398121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.329881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205260519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35274.191270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   191.180357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    64.819643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.746798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.253202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9057277586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9057277586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059509318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9059509318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059509318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9059509318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1871303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458364.250304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458364.250304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457874.725462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457874.725462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457874.725462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457874.725462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865010904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865010904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865395504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865395504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865395504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865395504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335614.702897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335614.702897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335321.859428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335321.859428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335321.859428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335321.859428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              549.127649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              919943347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654574.365108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.797818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.329831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1246164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1246164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205265564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35052.179645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   191.197644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    64.802356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.253134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1855224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1855224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       339196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2194420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2194420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2194420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2194420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8936529319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8936529319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2186898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2186898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8938716217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8938716217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8938716217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8938716217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1875080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1875080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2214302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2214302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2214302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2214302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 450066.947975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450066.947975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84111.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84111.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831456279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831456279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831840879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831840879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327396.546121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327396.546121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.105188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919940487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654569.221223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.774000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.331187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1243304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1243304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61080663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61080663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61080663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61080663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61080663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61080663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1388196.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1388196.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1388196.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1388196.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1388196.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1388196.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53508812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53508812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53508812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53508812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53508812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53508812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1845131.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845131.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1845131.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845131.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1845131.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1845131.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205262105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35232.081188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.424306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.575694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.747751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.252249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1852781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9043614680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9043614680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045894397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9045894397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045894397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9045894397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1872619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455873.307793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455873.307793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455391.381242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455391.381242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455391.381242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455391.381242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850057729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850057729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850462951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850462951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850462951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850462951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332504.983645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332504.983645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332219.560323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332219.560323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332219.560323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332219.560323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.773222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003118137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2047179.871429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.773222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1329179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1329179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1329179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150909709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150909709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150909709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150909709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1329224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353549.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3353549.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353549.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3353549.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3353549.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3353549.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3237086                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809271.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103967669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103967669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970504.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970504.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970504.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970504.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2970504.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2970504.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148884631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34680.789891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.780214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.219786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.862423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.137577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1058436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       785294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1843730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1843730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2352647179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2352647179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6132113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6132113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2358779292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2358779292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2358779292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2358779292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1068765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       785369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1854134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1854134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227771.050344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227771.050344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81761.506667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81761.506667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226718.501730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226718.501730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226718.501730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226718.501730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    996489131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    996489131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1113737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    997602868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    997602868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    997602868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    997602868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247821.221338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247821.221338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69608.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69608.562500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247114.904137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247114.904137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247114.904137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247114.904137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.104850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005647957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1893875.625235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.110010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.994840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167166369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23003.490987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.193875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.806125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8212602303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8212602303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294712351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8294712351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294712351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8294712351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 445513.849571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445513.849571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447781.923505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447781.923505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447781.923505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447781.923505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195628525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195628525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202860009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202860009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202860009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202860009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456714.095327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456714.095327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456833.548567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456833.548567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456833.548567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456833.548567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.265658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1005647859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1911878.058935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.265658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.043695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1189814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1189814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97266023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97266023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97266023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97266023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97266023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97266023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736893.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1736893.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736893.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1736893.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1736893.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1736893.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60632869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60632869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60632869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60632869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60632869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60632869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684246.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684246.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684246.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684246.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1684246.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1684246.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167166453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23000.337507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.226282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.773718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.887603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.112397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       822681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       680218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1502899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1502899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8137146112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8137146112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87671278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87671278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8224817390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8224817390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8224817390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8224817390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       841065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       680314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1521379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1521379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 442621.089643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442621.089643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 913242.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913242.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445065.876082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445065.876082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445065.876082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445065.876082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3231739521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3231739521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10125677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10125677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3241865198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241865198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3241865198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241865198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 461875.020866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461875.020866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 675045.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675045.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462331.032230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462331.032230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462331.032230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462331.032230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              569.161205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030759636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1777171.786207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.794040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.367165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.044542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1176855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1176855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83915451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1472200.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66196016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1789081.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406295075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             49235.951890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.098977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.901023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3069303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4749184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4749184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        29186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        29186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13916783111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13916783111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55008425                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13971791536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13971791536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13971791536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13971791536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3098459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          825                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4778370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 477321.412780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477321.412780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1833614.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478715.532653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 478715.532653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 478715.532653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 478715.532653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21189                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3670055117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670055117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15822674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685877791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685877791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3685877791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685877791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 459446.058713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459446.058713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1758074.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460907.564212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460907.564212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 460907.564212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460907.564212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
