
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 400769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522228                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40261                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32945.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13203350326                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17204829363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        79744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        54400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        29184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        79488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               742912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       325760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            325760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     60120275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     41013028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     60409778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22002284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     59927272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               560093217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38407495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         245595665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              245595665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         245595665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     60120275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     41013028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     60409778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     60892285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1447519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22002284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     59927272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              805688882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         244306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25566                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2345300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1368179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            244306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       118660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              284237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       121727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles           97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          145057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2512174     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13218      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20540      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          27792      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          29151      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          24747      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13233      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20924      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         134632      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2321154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       146496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          283550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        40102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1677301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2327912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         18883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       112583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          277220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1675662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2338930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7791346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7791346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1994508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         344396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           46455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       157785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        84132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        22363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1672233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1577030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          470                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127689     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276535      9.89%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139487      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104117      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81499      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33382      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21191      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10970      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1541      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          996     35.94%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1442     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1326711     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23486      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       142957      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83680      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1577030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.495791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5953712                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1877247                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1551279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1579801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         15246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1672647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        28846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1553649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             217957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         220115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            83659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.488441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1551357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1551279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          891528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2401888                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.487696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1162533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1430508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        25663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162419     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293143     10.65%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109665      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52260      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45499      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25548      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21529      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9999      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31544      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1162533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1430508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               212114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              129622                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           206256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1288889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        29457                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4392721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3390166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 37404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                384424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1430508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.736124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.736124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.365480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.365480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6991230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2162905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1553923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         229984                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       188633                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          87880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2190429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1311698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            229984                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       110896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              286901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       226157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          136588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23997                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2462090     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30609      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          35760      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19301      0.70%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22005      0.80%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12858      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8572      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22199      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         135597      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2748991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.072303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.412375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2171623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       245647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          284249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37150                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1598609                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2119                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2175653                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         63948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       171162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          282561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1596208                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2219307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7427243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7427243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1857379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         361920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           30490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1591659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          405                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2325                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221350                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.237435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2121431     77.17%     77.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       251983      9.17%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135812      4.94%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93846      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81829      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42053      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10478      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6589      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4970      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2748991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           424     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1498     44.07%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1477     43.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1248843     83.73%     83.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23328      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          181      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137781      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81344      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491477                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.468895                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5737669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1813449                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1494876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           59                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         58241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1592068                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1468134                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129227                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             210536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         204638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            81309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.461556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1464863                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1464769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          871318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2281490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.460498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381907                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1090733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1337874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2156962     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253864      9.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106670      3.95%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63405      2.34%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43839      1.62%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28562      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15205      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11813      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23546      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2703866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1090733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1337874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               202665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              122966                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           191284                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1206267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27193                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4272446                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3229384                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 35759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                431844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1337874                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1090733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.916236                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.916236                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.342908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.342908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6620376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2035447                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1491406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         275707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1252                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2394542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1514191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            275707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       127762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              314560                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         75502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       197136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          150256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2956389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2641829     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          19021      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          23986      0.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          38491      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          15751      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20756      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          23987      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          11279      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         161289      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2956389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2381913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       213122                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          312930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        41710                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1849847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2384910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          7815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       198139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          310059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1837331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2566798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8540372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8540372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2113226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         453572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       173675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        88912                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        20147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1791285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1706457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2956389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2234246     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328617     11.12%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134600      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76101      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101669      3.44%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32247      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31244      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16358      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1307      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2956389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11820     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1646     10.98%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1437966     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23077      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156754      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88451      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1706457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14993                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6386465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2030437                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1721450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1791726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88912                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15385                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        30581                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1675677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153886                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             242300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         236358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            88414                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.526804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1660234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1660196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          994611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2673095                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1229188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1514409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        26819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2908148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2266540     77.94%     77.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325630     11.20%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118009      4.06%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58552      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53677      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22659      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22439      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10668      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29974      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2908148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1229188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1514409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               224413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              137268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           219474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1363466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        31246                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        29974                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4669908                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3631741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 38264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                224446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1229188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1514409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1229188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.587753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.587753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.386436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.386436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7537050                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2322112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1708909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         174402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1691004                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1031672                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            174402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        83480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              211465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       221142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          105648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2163122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1951657     90.22%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11290      0.52%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17624      0.81%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          26311      1.22%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          11219      0.52%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          13239      0.61%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          13660      0.63%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9582      0.44%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         108540      5.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2163122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.054829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.324340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1667876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       245244                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          209762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        28248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1249796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1672477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         91881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       138513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          206635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        14748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1246554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         7072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1643                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1704199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5810606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5810606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1400071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          306                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          176                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       126838                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        70118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1242118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          308                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1156632                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2163122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.534705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.219857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1667441     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202055      9.34%     86.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111924      5.17%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73256      3.39%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65653      3.04%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19992      0.92%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14504      0.67%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5011      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3286      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2163122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           288     10.31%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1211     43.34%     53.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1295     46.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       951915     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21213      1.83%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       114893      9.93%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68483      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1156632                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.363625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002416                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4481215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1435048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1135075                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1159426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5433                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27435                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5051                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          923                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         77613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1242430                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       126838                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        21486                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139554                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108860                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             177229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         154833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            68369                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.358256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1135210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1135075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          671941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1703288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.356848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.394496                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1023611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2124257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1708708     80.44%     80.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198153      9.33%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82368      3.88%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        41983      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31228      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17870      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10975      0.52%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9115      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23857      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2124257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       839509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1023611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               164470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads               99403                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           142315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          925235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        19949                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        23857                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3343591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2525286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1017713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            839509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1023611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       839509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.788923                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.788923                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.263927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.263927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5172119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1550171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1185090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         213476                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       192079                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1339512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            213476                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        86430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              264336                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         42024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       316605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          131400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2867119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2602783     90.78%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9313      0.32%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19150      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           8089      0.28%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          43181      1.51%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          38883      1.36%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7565      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          15859      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122296      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2867119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067113                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.421120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2235257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       339538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          263154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        19002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1570312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2238733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        295358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        33845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          260878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        10052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1568070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         4652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1849524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7380112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7380112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1600510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         248982                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          196                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26098                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       366496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       184147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2867119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2329944     81.26%     81.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       165275      5.76%     87.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132670      4.63%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57595      2.01%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71205      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67225      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38237      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3156      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1812      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2867119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3725     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28290     86.13%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       939163     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12995      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354832     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183277     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.468542                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022038                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5881876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1475593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1523200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        28244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        287878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2733                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1662                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        15100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1478511                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             536697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         193595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           183230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.464819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1475706                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1475593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          798561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1581392                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.463901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.504973                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1187638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1395879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        13284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2838875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2329345     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188280      6.63%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87864      3.10%     91.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85448      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23534      0.83%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97772      3.44%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7529      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5467      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13636      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2838875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1187638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1395879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               530079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              348041                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           184428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1241290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        13636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4388162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3154151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 50097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                313716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1187638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1395879                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1187638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.678287                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.678287                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7299985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1719326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1859888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         175597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71523                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1700154                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1038018                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            175597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        84034                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              212736                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       227548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          106282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2180032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.578971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1967296     90.24%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11155      0.51%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17764      0.81%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          26575      1.22%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11296      0.52%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13384      0.61%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13565      0.62%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9702      0.45%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109295      5.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2180032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.055205                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.326335                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1677226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       251368                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          210981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        28488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1257795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1681799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         91315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       145835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          207888                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        14119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1254452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          961                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1714866                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5846792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5846792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1408390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         306466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           40661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       127821                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        70385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1164194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2180032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.534026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1682589     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202590      9.29%     86.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111537      5.12%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73164      3.36%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66651      3.06%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20297      0.93%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14796      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5091      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3317      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2180032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1243     43.49%     54.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1308     45.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       958218     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21320      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115735      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68792      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1164194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.366003                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4513286                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1142378                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1167052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27872                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          912                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         72390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127821                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10067                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        21736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1146937                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109554                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             178229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         155803                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            68675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.360577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1142521                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1142378                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          675435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1713926                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.359144                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       844303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2140959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1723479     80.50%     80.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199202      9.30%     89.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82427      3.85%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42062      1.96%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31418      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17974      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11130      0.52%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9128      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24139      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2140959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       844303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1029572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               165351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               99946                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           143201                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          930596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20079                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3367978                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2541434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1000803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            844303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1029572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       844303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.767409                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.767409                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.265434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.265434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5204952                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1560158                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1192234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         174713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          65958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          830                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1689115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1032458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            174713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        83308                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              211465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         58662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       227327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          105555                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2167585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.579094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1956120     90.24%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11217      0.52%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17526      0.81%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          26169      1.21%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11217      0.52%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          13367      0.62%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          13688      0.63%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9619      0.44%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         108662      5.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2167585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.054927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.324587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1665752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       251666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          209747                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        28299                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1251157                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1670354                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         86832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       149555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          206662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        15147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1247962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2081                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1705715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5816784                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5816784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1399822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         305881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           40209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       127398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        70065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14392                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1243481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1157106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2167585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.533823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.220299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1672341     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       201953      9.32%     86.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111373      5.14%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72936      3.36%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65887      3.04%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20138      0.93%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14585      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5125      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3247      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2167585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     10.74%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1236     43.51%     54.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1300     45.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       952309     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21191      1.83%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115128      9.95%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68350      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1157106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.363774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2841                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4486681                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1438519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1135475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1159947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          895                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         71312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1243811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11641                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        21521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1139992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             177281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         154846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            68230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.358394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1135632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1135475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          671956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1703952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.356974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       839358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1023422                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2128553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1713032     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198244      9.31%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82221      3.86%     93.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42017      1.97%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31208      1.47%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17901      0.84%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11050      0.52%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8992      0.42%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23888      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2128553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       839358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1023422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               99385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           142289                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          925063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        19944                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        23888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3349233                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2528222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30531                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1013250                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            839358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1023422                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       839358                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.789605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.789605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.263880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.263880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5174434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1550693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1185908                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         244830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200295                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93982                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2349477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1371431                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            244830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       118841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              284888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         71131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       119173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          145346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2798755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2513867     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13244      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20610      0.74%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          27807      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          29266      1.05%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          24744      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          13245      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          20935      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         135037      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2798755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.076970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2325129                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       144043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          284183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        40144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1681316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2331934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         21043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       107883                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          277815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1679632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2344541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7809842                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7809842                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1998449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         346088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           46857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       158176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        84283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        22460                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1676145                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1580299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205675                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       500293                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2798755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2128782     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277000      9.90%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139684      4.99%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104318      3.73%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81780      2.92%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33392      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21230      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11035      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1534      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2798755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     11.92%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          999     35.99%     47.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     52.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1329479     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23523      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143263      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83838      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1580299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.496819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5962553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1882240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1554490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1583075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44983                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         17384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1676559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14899                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        28922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1556850                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             218389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         220535                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            83820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.489447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1554566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1554490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          893289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2406937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.488705                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1164810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1433305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        25716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2753772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163481     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293709     10.67%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109851      3.99%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52353      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45557      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25580      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21596      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10029      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31616      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2753772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1164810                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1433305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               212511                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              129866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           206643                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1291413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        29513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        31616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4398717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3398141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 37448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                382080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1433305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1164810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.730776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.730776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.366196                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.366196                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7005784                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2167396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1557555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         176524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143802                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          815                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1708812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1043754                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            176524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        84547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              213956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       195515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          106723                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1945483     90.09%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11224      0.52%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17939      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          26784      1.24%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11261      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          13377      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          13805      0.64%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9889      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         109677      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2159439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.055504                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.328185                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1687229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       219559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          212156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        28674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1264504                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1691879                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         81201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       123828                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          209032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        14432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1261238                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          941                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1724476                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5879071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5879071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1418787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         305688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           41482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128433                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        70878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1257041                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1171596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       193727                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.228820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658408     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       204213      9.46%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112422      5.21%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73809      3.42%     94.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66814      3.09%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20473      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14898      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5113      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3289      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2159439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.64%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1251     43.38%     54.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1326     45.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       964099     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21528      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116527      9.95%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69313      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1171596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.368382                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002462                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4507515                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1451165                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1149855                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1174480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          919                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         62592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1257367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128433                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        21590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1154432                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             179600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         156879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            69201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.362985                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1149993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1149855                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          680236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1725145                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.361546                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19033                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1699920     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200471      9.45%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83145      3.92%     93.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42282      1.99%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31759      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18105      0.85%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11081      0.52%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9228      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24384      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2120375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       850646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1037322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               166678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              100752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           144271                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          937609                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        20229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3354037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2555198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30895                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1020946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1037322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       850646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.738788                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.738788                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.267466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.267466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5239376                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1570087                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1199163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         221821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            221821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        92452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.772467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2438802     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41228      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21652      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40579      1.49%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13352      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37473      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6012      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10529      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107863      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.395837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2269710                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       126338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          277954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1414752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2273743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         88703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        25689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          274175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1411823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         9738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1857547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6407469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6407469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1478418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         379129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           25763                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248925                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2147693     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183572      6.76%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185302      6.82%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108518      3.99%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58680      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15434      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17520      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2365     57.74%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.51%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024552     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10507      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225351     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41991      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.409482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5328028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         73609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248925                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            41965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.403617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1267744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1267186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1694473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2251586     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167405      6.26%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106424      3.98%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33314      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55116      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11231      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6476      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35515      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1129928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          988337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4041633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2848814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 52447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                463345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1129928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.180180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.180180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.314448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.314448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5956183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1657480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1490399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         230563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88001                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2206149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1317452                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            230563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       111107                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              288051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         70400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       226829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          137683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2766430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2478379     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          30796      1.11%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          35802      1.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          19396      0.70%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22036      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          12883      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8736      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          22366      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         136036      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2766430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.072485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.414184                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2186552                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       247081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          285478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        37302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1605245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2136                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2190544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         46060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       190400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          283622                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        10773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1602892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2228650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7457553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7457553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1867439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         361189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          235                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           31245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       153412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        82669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1597495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219720                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2766430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2135379     77.19%     77.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253347      9.16%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136641      4.94%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94621      3.42%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82289      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42051      1.52%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10484      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6596      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5022      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2766430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1496     43.88%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1486     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255340     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23444      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138353      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81836      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.471309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5770277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1502564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29763                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          222                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45023                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         40173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13379                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        27627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         205671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            81792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.463934                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1472454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1472365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          875903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2292583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.462886                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1096603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          364                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        24376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2721407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2171419     79.79%     79.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255258      9.38%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107267      3.94%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63905      2.35%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43986      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28800      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15333      0.56%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11760      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23679      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2721407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1096603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1345201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               203783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              123649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               182                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           192382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1212864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27362                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        23679                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4295662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3240909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                414405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1096603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1345201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1096603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.900626                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.900626                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6654107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2046223                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1498189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2300504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1257639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        80174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2424166     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41197      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21609      0.80%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40551      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13317      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37459      1.39%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6001      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10518      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107711      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.395380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2267418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       114073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1412992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2271448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         79456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        22663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          273857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1410077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         9737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1855035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6399341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1476718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133352     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183324      6.78%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185175      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108416      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58596      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15417      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17480      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2357     57.64%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.58%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023277     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10493      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225223     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41925      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5310090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         64355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1266312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1265752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2237208     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167178      6.29%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106301      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33278      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55065      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11216      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7265      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35490      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1128712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173169                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          987257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4025071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2845321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 52389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                478306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1128712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.183283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.183283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5949738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1655462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1488790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         274995                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2389895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1510401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            274995                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       127580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              313811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         75275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       201969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          114                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          149911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2954964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2641153     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          18966      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          24031      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          38350      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          15762      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          20627      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          23914      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          11162      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         160999      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2954964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.474844                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2376702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       217838                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          312197                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        48054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        41487                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1845308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        48054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2379661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          7698                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       203023                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          309368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1832853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2561097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8520725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8520725                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2110670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         450366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           26128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       173399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        88620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1042                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        19976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1787465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1703116                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       501755                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2954964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2234151     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       327894     11.10%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134376      4.55%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76160      2.58%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101505      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32267      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30955      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16343      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2954964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11782     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1647     11.01%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1435189     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23054      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156514      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88150      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1703116                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.535430                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6378294                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2025294                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1657133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1718072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        48054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          5844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1787906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        30541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1672650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153698                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             241811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         235870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            88113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.525852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1657171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1657133                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          993226                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2669882                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372011                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1227695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1512545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275340                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        26779                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2906910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2266169     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325038     11.18%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117944      4.06%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58499      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53679      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22616      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22398      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10598      0.36%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29969      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2906910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1227695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1512545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               224141                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              137098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           219197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1361767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        31194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        29969                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4664813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3623871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 38174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                225871                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1227695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1512545                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1227695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.590900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.590900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385966                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385966                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7523744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2318352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1704627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         176697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       143980                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17517                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1708998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1044219                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            176697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        84461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              213973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       216653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1346                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          106795                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18706                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2180583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1966610     90.19%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11199      0.51%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.82%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          26740      1.23%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11381      0.52%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13486      0.62%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          13624      0.62%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9762      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         109956      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2180583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.055551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.328285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1687055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       240686                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          212207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39239                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        28688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1265397                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39239                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1691657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         90175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       136150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          209078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        14281                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1262047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1008                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1725393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5882158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5882158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1417179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         308211                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           40965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       128494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        70774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1257697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1171280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459327                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2180583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1680352     77.06%     77.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       203551      9.33%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112206      5.15%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73531      3.37%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67125      3.08%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20465      0.94%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14913      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5099      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3341      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2180583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           294     10.29%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1247     43.63%     53.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     46.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       964145     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21434      1.83%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          129      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116393      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69179      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1171280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.368230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002440                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4527998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1453725                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1149379                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1174138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          921                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39239                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         71431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1258025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           74                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1059                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        21782                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1153942                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110220                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             179282                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         156806                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            69062                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.362780                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1149522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1149379                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          679561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1724777                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.361345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.393999                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       849397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1035883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        19096                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2141343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1721270     80.38%     80.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200473      9.36%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82892      3.87%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42403      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31557      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18080      0.84%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11187      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9181      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24300      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2141343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       849397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1035883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               166283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              100528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           144127                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          936264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        20208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3375756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2556746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1000252                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            849397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1035883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       849397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.744815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.744815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.267036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.267036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5236650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1569706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1199334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         221970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142250                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137873                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          639                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1259384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            221970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       151564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              278929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         62821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        91037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140790                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.772562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2438366     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          41288      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21788      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          40666      1.50%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13299      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          37558      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5953      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10449      0.38%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         107928      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2717295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.069784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.395929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2270924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       124779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          278185                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        21978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1415150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1779                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2274943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         88727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        24152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          274417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1412269                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         9689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1858402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6409274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6409274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1480423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         377974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25615                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       248722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        42693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          368                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         9410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402984                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1303358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       570643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2146959     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183826      6.77%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185553      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108496      3.99%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58757      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15444      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17491      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          408      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2398     58.08%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.32%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025391     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10541      0.81%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225284     17.28%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42047      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1303358                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.409753                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4129                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5329618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1268124                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         73675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1316                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        20274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             263559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         194646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            42022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.403859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1268715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1268124                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          766579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1696025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.398676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.451986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        18897                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2250964     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167668      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106487      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33354      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55165      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11274      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7271      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6489      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35565      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1001339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1131303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               236392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              195427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           173563                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          989559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        14555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        35565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4041924                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2849627                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 52516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                463540                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1001339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1131303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1001339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.176582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.176582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.314804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.314804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5959684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1658799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1490820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.470006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56168535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195332036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160328.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860493.550661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994073.403162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175398655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229284390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175398655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229284390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53885735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175398655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229284390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772681.299559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906262.411067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772681.299559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906262.411067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2072528.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772681.299559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906262.411067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.542110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.402920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.072843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    77.461290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1926.605056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.037823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.940725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      182021571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.311183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.034873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.815308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   121.466709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1836.994293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.059310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.896970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197887484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213036028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      214417601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15148544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199269057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     214417601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 867927.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 880314.165289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1381573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1082038.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 870170.554585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882376.958848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    177869084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191788428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13919344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    179162857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193082201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 780127.561404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 792514.165289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293773                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 994238.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 782370.554585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794576.958848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.257535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.032554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    53.343285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1934.465446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.944563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102418634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98144006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200562640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102418634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98144006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      200562640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102418634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98144006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     200562640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3793282.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001469.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1604501.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3793282.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001469.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1604501.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3793282.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001469.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1604501.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100048034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89536473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189584507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100048034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89536473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189584507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    100048034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89536473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189584507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3705482.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913637.479592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516676.056000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3705482.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913637.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516676.056000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3705482.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913637.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1516676.056000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          653                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2043.170131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          96466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        35.807721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.777569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.941580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   263.322326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1627.128656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.012179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.128575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.794496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.997642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   394                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  650                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 650                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    585676336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     657034568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     65742798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65742798                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    651419134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      722777366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71358232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    651419134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     722777366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.587553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.598361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.622605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.622605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1051483.547576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1125059.191781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       996103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       996103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1045616.587480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1111965.178462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2642897.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1045616.587480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1111965.178462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                350                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     350                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    536766275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605753907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59946171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59946171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    596712446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    665700078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68987632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    596712446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    665700078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.587553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.598361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.613189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 963673.743268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037249.840753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908275.318182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 908275.318182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957804.889246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1024153.966154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2555097.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957804.889246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1024153.966154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          452                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.580189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         127565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        51.026000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.532904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.516311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   212.268479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1804.262496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.012459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.103647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.880988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 156                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   483                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 452                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    405021708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     462759576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2413640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    407435348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      465173216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     57737868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    407435348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     465173216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             156                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 955239.877358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1026074.447894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2413640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 958671.407059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1029144.283186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2138439.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 958671.407059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1029144.283186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    367794508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423161776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2325840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    370120348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425487616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55367268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    370120348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425487616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.468578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867439.877358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938274.447894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2325840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2325840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 870871.407059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941344.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2050639.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 870871.407059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941344.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          652                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.330951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          96470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        35.822503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         128.004983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.043641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   263.184387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1628.097940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.128508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.794970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 648                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61544311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    572930829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     634475140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65561003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65561003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61544311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    638491832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      700036143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61544311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    638491832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     700036143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.618911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.618911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367088.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1032307.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1092039.827883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 978522.432836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 978522.432836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367088.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1026514.199357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1080302.689815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367088.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1026514.199357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1080302.689815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59260819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    524191890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    583452709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59678403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59678403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59260819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    583870293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    643131112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     59260819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    583870293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    643131112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.583596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.609804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2279262.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 944489.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1004221.530120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 890722.432836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890722.432836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2279262.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938698.220257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992486.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2279262.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 938698.220257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992486.283951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          658                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2043.183694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          96465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        35.741015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.757828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.944820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   263.632079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1626.848967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.012180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.128727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.794360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.997648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   394                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 653                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69943088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    586133247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     656076335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67791191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67791191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69943088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    653924438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      723867526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69943088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    653924438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     723867526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.599182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590484.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1048538.903399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1119584.189420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1011808.820896                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011808.820896                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590484.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1044607.728435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108526.073507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2590484.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1044607.728435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108526.073507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                357                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     357                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67571739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    537046919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604618658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61905972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61905972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67571739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    598952891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    666524630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67571739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    598952891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    666524630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.588421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.614328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2502657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 960727.940966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031772.453925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 923969.731343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923969.731343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2502657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 956793.755591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020711.531394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2502657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 956793.755591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020711.531394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.541429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.401967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.087422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    77.554543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1926.497497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.037868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.940673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164485359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      164485359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     39908278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124577081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     164485359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836087.791946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939916.337143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836087.791946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939916.337143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1534933.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836087.791946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939916.337143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111491063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149116259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111491063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149116259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     37625196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111491063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149116259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748262.167785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852092.908571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748262.167785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852092.908571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1447122.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 748262.167785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852092.908571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          660                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2043.373927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          96477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        35.718993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks         126.507388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.040153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   267.392407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1625.433979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.061771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.130563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.793669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.997741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 460                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          399                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   400                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 658                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    576676883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     648845215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66499720                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      715344935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72168332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643176603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     715344935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             460                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.596758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.621928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.621928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1024292.865009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101604.779287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963764.057971                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2775705.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1017684.498418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087150.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     360                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    527045842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596926535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60500613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    657427148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69880693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    587546455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    657427148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.586458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.612997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 936138.262877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013457.614601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876820.478261                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929662.112342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999129.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2687718.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 929662.112342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 999129.404255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.469738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   119.221012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1883.352149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.058213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.919606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      254177806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.320636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         152561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        66.591445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.024987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.177603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   121.867080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1836.250966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.059505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.896607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          385                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   385                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    186691517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     199809521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1365341                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1365341                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    188056858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      201174862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13118004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    188056858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     201174862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.386943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.386943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822429.590308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825659.177686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1365341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1365341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 824810.780702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827880.090535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 874533.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 824810.780702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827880.090535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166752563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178553519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1277541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    168030104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    179831060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11800956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    168030104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    179831060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734592.788546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737824.458678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1277541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 736974.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740045.514403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 786730.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 736974.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740045.514403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          251                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.366560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.113528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.468082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   119.231368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1883.342421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.058218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.919601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 252                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254899099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      254899099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     254899099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.079646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.079646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.407080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.480159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.407080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.480159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.407080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.480159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.256505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.413840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.020506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    53.280832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1934.541327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.944600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    113981655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     99496872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     213478527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    113981655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     99496872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      213478527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    113981655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     99496872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     213478527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4221542.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1015274.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1707828.216000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4221542.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1015274.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1707828.216000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4221542.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1015274.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1707828.216000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111609895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90891973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202501868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111609895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90891973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    202501868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111609895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90891973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    202501868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4133699.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 927469.112245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1620014.944000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4133699.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 927469.112245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1620014.944000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4133699.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 927469.112245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1620014.944000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          650                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2043.339690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          96473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        35.836924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         127.982967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.052924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   264.376667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1626.927132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.011745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.129090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.794398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.997724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 455                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   401                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          621                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 647                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69577175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    562477304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     632054479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64501028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     64501028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69577175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    626978332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      696555507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69577175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    626978332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     696555507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             455                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.617366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.617366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2676045.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1015301.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1089749.101724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 962701.910448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962701.910448                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2676045.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1009626.943639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1076592.746522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2676045.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1009626.943639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1076592.746522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                349                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     349                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67293811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    513817534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581111345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58617202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58617202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67293811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    572434736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    639728547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67293811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    572434736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    639728547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2588223.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 927468.472924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001916.112069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 874883.611940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874883.611940                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2588223.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 921795.066023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988761.278207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2588223.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 921795.066023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988761.278207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.374299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.330584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.457481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   119.086315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1883.499919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.007548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.058148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.919678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54724405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195757049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     250481454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54724405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195757049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      250481454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     54724405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195757049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     250481454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2104784.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862365.854626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 990045.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2104784.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862365.854626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 990045.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2104784.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862365.854626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 990045.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52441148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175819088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228260236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52441148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175819088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228260236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52441148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    175819088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228260236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2016967.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774533.427313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902214.371542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2016967.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774533.427313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902214.371542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2016967.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 774533.427313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902214.371542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85199869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85199869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981392.302326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56450371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56450371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2090754.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034339294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034339294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035623681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035623681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035623681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035623681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461552.563141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461552.563141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459053.050089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224530645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224530645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224722945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224722945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224722945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224722945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349192.293935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349192.293935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347868.335913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.270047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844475784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1682222.677291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.270047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127666680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             167321.992136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   156.055639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    99.944361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.609592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.390408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.814373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845321597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704277.413306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.814373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         136569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        136569                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17189182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       136588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       136588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904693.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15276585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1091184.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132972518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             153547.942263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   174.388888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    81.611112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.681207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.318793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         173898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        173898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    930881785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82575486                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013457271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446252.054171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 705773.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460035.075352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       674269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 337134.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224766421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226156294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 369074.582923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 370748.022951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              475.070716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              847790784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1751633.851240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.070716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.032165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         150209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        150209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178998920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    178998920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178998920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    178998920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178998920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    178998920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       150254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       150254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3977753.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3977753.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3977753.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3977753.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3977753.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3977753.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4188938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1047234.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102787729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102787729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102787729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102787729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102787729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102787729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3544404.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3544404.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3544404.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3544404.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3544404.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3544404.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              123781163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             170732.638621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   153.557549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   102.442451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.599834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.400166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       117917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         204624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    276547476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276547476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       750997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    277298473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    277298473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    277298473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    277298473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       119119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        86715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       205834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       205834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230072.775374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230072.775374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93874.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93874.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 229172.291736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229172.291736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 229172.291736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229172.291736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123024383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123024383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       208395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123232778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123232778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123232778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123232778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 264000.821888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264000.821888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        69465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 262756.456290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262756.456290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 262756.456290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262756.456290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.545011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              849066053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1639123.654440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.545011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         105605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       105605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        105605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90209612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90209612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       105647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       105647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2147847.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129375                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129375                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71648903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71648903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2558889.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 1016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              141283851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             111072.209906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   194.503726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    61.496274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.759780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.240220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       143991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         143991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       143991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        143991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1567813010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1567813010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    550563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2118376350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2118376350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2118376350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2118376350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        64718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       146949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       146949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       146949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       146949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.029320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 650274.993779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650274.993779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1006514.332724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1006514.332724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 716151.572008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 716151.572008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 716151.572008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 716151.572008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    616746393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    616746393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66419302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66419302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683165695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683165695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    683165695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683165695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 650576.363924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 650576.363924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 976754.441176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976754.441176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 672407.180118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672407.180118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 672407.180118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672407.180118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              568.512893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              868079313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1520279.007005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.463263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.049630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         131355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       131355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        131355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82218147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82218147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       131400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       131400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       131400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827069.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58026268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58026268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072366.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  907                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              332251225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             285684.630267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   105.800883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   150.199117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.413285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.586715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       333346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       181841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       515187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         515187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       515187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        515187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1644401521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1644401521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5286697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5286697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1649688218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1649688218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1649688218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1649688218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       336605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       181849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       518454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       518454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504572.421295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 504572.421295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 660837.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660837.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 504955.071319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    441144889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441144889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2555321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2555321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    443700210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443700210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    443700210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443700210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 487992.133850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 487992.133850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851773.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851773.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 489195.380375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              515.655031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849066688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642295.334623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.655031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         106240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        106240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80559768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80559768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80559768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80559768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80559768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80559768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       106281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       106281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1964872.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1964872.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1964872.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1964872.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1964872.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1964872.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61826873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61826873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61826873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61826873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61826873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61826873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289884.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2289884.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289884.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2289884.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2289884.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2289884.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141284664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             110724.658307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.456572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    61.543428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.759596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.240404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         144788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        144788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1535359966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1535359966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    562064443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    562064443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2097424409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2097424409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2097424409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2097424409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 641604.666109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641604.666109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1031310.904587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1031310.904587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713895.305990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 713895.305990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 713895.305990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 713895.305990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    604256246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604256246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66247012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66247012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    670503258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    670503258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    670503258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    670503258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 635390.374343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635390.374343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 960101.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960101.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 657356.135294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657356.135294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 657356.135294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657356.135294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.542089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              849065960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1639123.474903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    26.542089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.042535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         105512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       105512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        105512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88704732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88704732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88704732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88704732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88704732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88704732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       105554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       105554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       105554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112017.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2112017.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112017.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2112017.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2112017.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2112017.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129437                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70233945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70233945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70233945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70233945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70233945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70233945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508355.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508355.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508355.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508355.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2508355.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2508355.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 1019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              141284005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             110810.984314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   194.331464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    61.668536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.759107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.240893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        79982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       144131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         144131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       144131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        144131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1597263710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1597263710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    539116448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    539116448                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2136380158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2136380158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2136380158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2136380158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        64705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       147109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       147109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.029392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008593                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.020243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.020243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 659481.300578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659481.300578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 969633.899281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969633.899281                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717387.561451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717387.561451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717387.561451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717387.561451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1959                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    617240699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617240699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     68476057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68476057                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    685716756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685716756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    685716756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685716756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 649727.051579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649727.051579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 992406.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992406.623188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 672931.065751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672931.065751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 672931.065751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672931.065751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              491.284890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              844476079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1682223.264940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.284890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.026098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         145307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        145307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49166050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       145346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       145346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260667.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40233169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490117.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              127667042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             167322.466579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   156.243061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    99.756939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.610324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.389676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         180930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        180930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    611737327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611737327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1099761                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612837088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    612837088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    612837088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    612837088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 381144.752025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 381144.752025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78554.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378528.158122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 378528.158122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 378528.158122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 378528.158122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1112                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148976382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148976382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149168682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149168682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149168682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149168682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 295588.059524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295588.059524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294218.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294218.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 294218.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294218.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              515.676357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              849067129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1642296.187621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.676357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         106681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        106681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93626717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       106722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       106722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2283578.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72450843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2683364.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              141285786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             109864.530327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   194.755797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    61.244203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.760765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.239235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         145908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        145908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          546                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494854386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    547924526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042778912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621044.614042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1003524.772894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 691763.939045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    608218861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67192320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675411181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001083                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 633561.313542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946370.704225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655102.988361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.470888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1354102.673285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.738364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.732524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             189724.170732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.044797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.955203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.605644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.394356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              496.176610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              845322692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1700850.486922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.176610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         137664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       137664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        137664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15903038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15903038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       137683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       137683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       137683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       837002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13252721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13252721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883514.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              132973182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             153018.621404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   174.900015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    81.099985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.683203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.316797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        94936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        79625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         174561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       174561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        174561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    924312046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    924312046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102128085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    102128085                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026440131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1026440131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1026440131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1026440131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        79742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       176768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 442254.567464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442254.567464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 872889.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872889.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 465083.883552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 465083.883552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 465083.883552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 465083.883552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2582259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 1291129.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    213842593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213842593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1373641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1373641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215216234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215216234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    215216234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215216234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349416.001634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349416.001634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1373641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1373641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 351086.841762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351086.841762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 351086.841762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351086.841762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.469233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1354102.388087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.736165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.733069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             189934.578246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   155.014453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   100.985547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.605525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.394475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045218848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1045218848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046503790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046503790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046503790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046503790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466199.307761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466199.307761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.265840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.265840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.265840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.265840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228791209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228791209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 356372.599688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356372.599688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.192248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.192248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.192248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.192248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              475.059038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              847790438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1751633.136364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.059038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.032146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       149863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        149863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       149863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         149863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       149863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        149863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    194988754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194988754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    194988754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    194988754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    194988754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    194988754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       149908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       149908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       149908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       149908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       149908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       149908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4333083.422222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4333083.422222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4333083.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4333083.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4333083.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4333083.422222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4185977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 697662.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114350780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114350780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114350780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114350780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114350780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114350780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3943130.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3943130.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3943130.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3943130.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3943130.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3943130.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              123780918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             170732.300690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   153.396815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   102.603185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.599206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.400794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       117774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         204379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        204379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    281635767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    281635767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       751237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282387004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    282387004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    282387004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    282387004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       118964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        86613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       205577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       205577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 236668.711765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 236668.711765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93904.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93904.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 235715.362270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235715.362270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 235715.362270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235715.362270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124373584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124373584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124582009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124582009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    124582009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124582009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 266896.103004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266896.103004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        69475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 265633.281450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265633.281450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 265633.281450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265633.281450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              515.678812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              849067203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1642296.330754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.678812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.041152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       106755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       106755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         106755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       106755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        106755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86357889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86357889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86357889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86357889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     86357889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86357889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       106794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       106794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       106794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       106794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       106794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2214304.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2214304.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2214304.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2214304.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2214304.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2214304.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743351                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 371675.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69859784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69859784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69859784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69859784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69859784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69859784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2587399.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2587399.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2587399.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2587399.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2587399.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2587399.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              141285449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             110638.566171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   194.702353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    61.297647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.760556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.239444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        80712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        64860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       145572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         145572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       145572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        145572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1531812936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1531812936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    531471012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    531471012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2063283948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2063283948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2063283948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2063283948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        83122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        65405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       148527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       148527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.028994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 635607.027386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 635607.027386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 975176.168807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975176.168807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698234.838579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 698234.838579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698234.838579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 698234.838579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    593936214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    593936214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65185328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65185328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659121542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659121542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659121542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659121542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 623882.577731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623882.577731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 944714.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944714.898551                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 645564.683643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645564.683643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 645564.683643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 645564.683643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              542.458637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750172944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1354102.787004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.725469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.733168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.025201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83864021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83864021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83864021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83864021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83864021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83864021                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950326.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1950326.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950326.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1950326.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1950326.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1950326.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55012552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55012552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55012552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55012552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55012552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55012552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037501.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2037501.925926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037501.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2037501.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2037501.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2037501.925926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              171131131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             189724.092018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   154.793154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   101.206846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.604661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.395339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         242127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       242127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        242127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1024067780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024067780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1284044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025351824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1025351824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1025351824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1025351824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       244396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 454333.531500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454333.531500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85602.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85602.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451895.911855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451895.911855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 451895.911855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451895.911855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    224966323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224966323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225158623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225158623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    225158623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225158623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 349869.864697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349869.864697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 348542.760062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348542.760062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 348542.760062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348542.760062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
