
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101480                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101480316441                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627667301205                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 226856                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   286097                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1314052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77227.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17519433881                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22094380019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1330048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2403712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1331840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3939072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1317888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2393472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3917824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3894912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3427712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1319552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2340096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1694592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3886592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1348224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1719552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38714368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11067264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11067264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        30774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                302456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           86463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                86463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13106463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23686485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13124121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     38816119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     12986637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23585579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     38606738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        52976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38380960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33777112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13003034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     23059605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23363585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        52976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16698726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38298974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13285572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        52976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16944685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               381496327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        50453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        52976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        45408                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        52976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        52976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             771933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         109058233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              109058233                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         109058233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        46669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13106463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23686485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13124121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     38816119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     12986637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23585579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        50453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     38606738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        52976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38380960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33777112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        45408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13003034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     23059605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        46669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23363585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        52976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16698726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38298974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13285572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        52976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16944685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              490554560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22057999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18364421                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000925                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8476711                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93294                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191871550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120982321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22057999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455657                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25224079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5571796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6569849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912601                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227218180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201994101     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547201      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1951439      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3092975      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308912      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1684654      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950829      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894199      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12793870      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227218180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090640                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497137                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190741759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7808487                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25103904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11871                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3552157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147902194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3552157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190935539                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620042                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6647770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24921925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       540743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146988443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205273493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683574854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683574854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33386959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35652                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1905537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13770430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143509034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35784                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137727860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17323574                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35226938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1393                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227218180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168858397     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26612608     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886457      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6101720      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266600      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2542331      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2496987      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347439      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105641      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227218180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938403     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129619     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122833     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116028470     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883537      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12619753      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179053      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137727860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190855                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503992119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160869054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142936                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138918715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2598496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          663                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101294                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3552157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        471856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143544824                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13770430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18605                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52052                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          663                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126565                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2310218                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141494                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7178575                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.556084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134143270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80390651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215940030                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551216                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20322108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223666023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171515310     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26430000     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9594194      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781238      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373478      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834743      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818500      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865904      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452656      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223666023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2452656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364758078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290643020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16139894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.433581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.433581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410917                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410917                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608914520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136780056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18488424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16498737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12211046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108712                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195168115                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104991001                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18488424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13156140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23395157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4824561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2957905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11804587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1440845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    224869530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      201474373     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3563782      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797512      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3521800      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1132161      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3259683      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         514826      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         841197      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8764196      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    224869530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192783402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5387152                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23349215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3331035                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1755899                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17320                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    117457054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        32818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3331035                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      193049192                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3263237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1307934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23103600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       814528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    117289584                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        91156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       653531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    153716273                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    531566763                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    531566763                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    124674438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29041828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1762128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     21126289                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3443009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       783764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        116680799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       109262802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21045845                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43074745                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224869530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176941784     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15142705      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15987147      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9313832      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4793473      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203041      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425931      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33312      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28305      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224869530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183312     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74846     23.38%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61993     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85693444     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857266      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19290165     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3414143      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    109262802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320151                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443786097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137742737                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106499284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    109582953                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4290973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84962                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331035                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2209836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116696689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21126289                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3443009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39209                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2203                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1557006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107881619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19017332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1381183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22431305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16400501                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3413973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            106523229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           106499284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64430310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       140398955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84819646                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     95504728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21196755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1458668                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221538495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185978249     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13971222      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8976622      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826022      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4688001      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915091      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580358      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530851      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072079      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221538495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     84819646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     95504728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20193360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16835313                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14652720                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        83466308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1195430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3072079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          335167587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         236736664                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4335393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18488544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          84819646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            95504728                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     84819646                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.869124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.869124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      501432288                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     138766403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     124731408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15682                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       22048927                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18358041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8506257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8082926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93205                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191899568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            120946423                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          22048927                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10456044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25215526                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5559614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6578519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11911677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    227234595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      202019069     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1546854      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1956988      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3094497      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1304948      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1683549      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1952543      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         890488      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12785659      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    227234595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      190768699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7818092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25095423                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        11948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3540431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3355632                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    147815706                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3540431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190962525                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        620811                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6656566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24913740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       540518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    146901708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        77890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       377313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    205184836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    683184654                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    683184654                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    171926290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       33258546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1901159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13733991                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7197898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143426683                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       137705438                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17232327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34916177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227234595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168872791     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26627395     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10882238      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097761      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8264626      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2536437      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499837      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347507      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106003      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227234595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939407     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126653     10.65%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122849     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116010301     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883447      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17051      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12618923      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175716      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    137705438                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565855                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1188909                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008634                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503959853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160695621                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134124134                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    138894347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2559468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          659                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3540431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        472844                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143462645                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13733991                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7197898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52182                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          659                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185705                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2307882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135306590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           19591058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19138823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7175092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            134124547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           134124134                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        80376380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       215856755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.551139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372360                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    123251852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20211371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34399                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2017605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223694164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171528425     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26436850     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9595615      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786429      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373853      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1839211      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1815528      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866174      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452079      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223694164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    100023149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    123251852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18275506                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11174523                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17865060                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       110966818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2545132                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2452079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          364704606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         290466892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2903867                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16123479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         100023149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           123251852                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    100023149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.433018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.433018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.411012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.411012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      608852496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     187426443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136742938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        34370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       18900335                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17054462                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       996956                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7836964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6773966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44288                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200671890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            118903239                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          18900335                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7820633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23524079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3110801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4790271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11521819                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002252                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231075123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207551044     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         842863      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1711457      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         727640      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3915050      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3482283      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         685313      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1407412      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10752061      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231075123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199550659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5923568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23438205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        74307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2088379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1658776                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    139436207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2795                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2088379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      199751909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       4264748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1024774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23324702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       620606                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    139364274                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       264518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       224031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5901                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    163616421                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    656445297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    656445297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    145276393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       18340022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        16188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1562687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     32906497                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     16646888                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       805285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        139093821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16238                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133844385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69738                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10588352                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25184895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231075123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183510225     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14250940      6.17%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11692456      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5049351      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6397489      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6202701      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3520480      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277709      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173772      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231075123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338660     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2641066     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76577      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83960083     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1166969      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8014      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32099694     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16609625     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133844385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549989                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3056303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501889934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149701829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132702562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    136900688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1262426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          570                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2088379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       3911739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       175159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139110147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32906497                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16646888                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       586264                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       581280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1167544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132907102                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31989798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       937283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           48597818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17412284                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         16608020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546138                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132706667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132702562                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        71663427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       141165107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507657                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107830126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126718370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12404456                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1018952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228986744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183049496     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16750278      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7867791      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7772077      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116331      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9050232      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676064      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492389      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1212086      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228986744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    107830126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126718370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             48189664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            31644068                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16733995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       112683037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1227452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1212086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          366897159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         280334284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4405344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              12282951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         107830126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126718370                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    107830126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.256865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.256865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      657099903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     154102530                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     166076044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        16128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22062590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8463326                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8079497                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93258                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191889913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            121001822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22062590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10454547                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25228044                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5572322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6561026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11913162                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    227232711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      202004667     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1548742      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1948378      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3095552      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1307959      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1685841      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1949647      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         895649      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       12796276      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    227232711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      190758520                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7801457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25107686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3553183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3360692                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    147929061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2246                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3553183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      190952146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        621319                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6638778                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24926109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       541172                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    147017811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        77707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       377667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    205303358                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    683697560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    683697560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    171909035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       33394305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18542                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1902370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13774976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7203537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636212                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        143541213                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       137754818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       129169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17335816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35262608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227232711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168866151     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26610824     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10893684      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098940      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8267129      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543198      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499930      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347120      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105735      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227232711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939072     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129987     10.91%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122835     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116048079     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883201      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17049      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12624894      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181595      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    137754818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.566058                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008652                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504063410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160913407                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134167607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    138946712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2601574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           50                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        473021                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143576940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13774976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181195                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2308016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135355109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12419537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2399709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19600505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19145279                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7180968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.556197                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            134168046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           134167607                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80398908                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       215956460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.551318                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372292                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100013059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    123239419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20338060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34395                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2017554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223679528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171522195     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26435002     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592782      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782450      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373493      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835690      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819013      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866221      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452682      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223679528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    100013059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    123239419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18273660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11173402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17863251                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       110955621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2544871                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2452682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          364803623                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         290708169                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2906800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16125363                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         100013059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           123239419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    100013059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.433263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.433263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410971                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410971                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      609028373                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     187469214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     136803026                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        34366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19765663                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16208304                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8283990                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7734704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031583                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87660                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188961141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112323104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19765663                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9766287                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24719777                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5484831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6268039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11638268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    223464386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198744609     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2679967      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3107906      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1707575      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1957812      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1085922      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         735522      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1911824      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11533249      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    223464386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081220                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187426022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7831875                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24513787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       195382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3497318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3208339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18113                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137120613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        89981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3497318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      187724805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2763178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4231885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24422586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       824612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137038627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       210116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       384866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    190489192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    638067184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    638067184                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    162908720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27580436                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2204527                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13076090                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7131557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1578534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        136843646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129436294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16906158                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38922253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4226                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223464386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168904285     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21960643      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11794941      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8157501      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124855      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3641257      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885788      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568095      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427021      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223464386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34214     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118181     42.49%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125727     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108352237     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2022179      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15865      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11964582      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7081431      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129436294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            278122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482791689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153787248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127293108                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129714416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       325745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2281434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          773                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1220                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       147231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7932                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3497318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2293018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       139498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136879999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13076090                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7131557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98964                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1220                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128750                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2212096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127524929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11238583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1911361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18318453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17851619                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7079870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            127295024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           127293108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75660641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       198114611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95664764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117369101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19512044                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32001                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1950512                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219967068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172021115     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22233062     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9314671      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5603444      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3874826      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2507084      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297144      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046999      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2068723      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219967068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95664764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117369101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17778979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10794653                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16797479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105813017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2387884                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2068723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354778840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         277259706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2892763                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19893688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95664764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117369101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95664764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.543863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.543863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      575297829                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     176681614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127988137                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18933328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17084227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       990977                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7186223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6772234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43913                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200733251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            119111860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18933328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      7819649                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23553477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3109055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4816518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11520834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231196568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207643091     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         839927      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1718425      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         722984      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        3918865      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3482706      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         676448      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1413300      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10780822      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231196568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      199606852                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5954934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23466986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        74976                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2092815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1662123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    139668790                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2092815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      199809579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4295049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1024188                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23353271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       621661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    139596065                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       265932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       225166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3318                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    163881205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    657526004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    657526004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    145495909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       18385282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1567042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     32947519                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     16670528                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       806268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        139327991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       134018480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70257                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10652875                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25498219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231196568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183600920     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14233917      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11701080      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5056311      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6411966      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6213551      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3527596      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277541      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173686      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231196568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339089     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644871     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76614      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84061234     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171082      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8026      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32143957     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16634181     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    134018480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502364359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150000548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132876252                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    137079054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241647                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1255270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          526                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2092815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       3942670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139344332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32947519                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16670528                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1162555                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133082375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32034799                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           48667625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17437617                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         16632826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            132880540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           132876252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        71754487                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       141344408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546011                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507657                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107993495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126910242                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12447497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1012748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229103753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183102587     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16772220      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7874254      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7789903      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116085      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9062842      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676460      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492721      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1216681      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229103753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    107993495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126910242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             48263006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            31692246                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16759331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       112853614                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1229290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1216681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          367244486                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         280808542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4401446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12161506                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         107993495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126910242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    107993495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.253451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.253451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      657943033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     154299169                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     166351185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18935740                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17086647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7157406                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6772252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200771615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            119124554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18935740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7819580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23555440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3113825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4809934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11522791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231234217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207678777     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         839872      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1717467      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         723047      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3918821      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3483781      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         676447      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1413640      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10782365      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231234217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199644926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5948799                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23469155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        74608                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2096724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1662106                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    139685925                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2096724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199847991                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4289453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1023654                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23354762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       621628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    139613389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       265288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       225673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3087                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    163903000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    657608872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    657608872                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    145484562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18418418                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1569381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     32949517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16669962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151176                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       810133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        139345781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134014326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10686628                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25598740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231234217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183638473     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14236044      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11699607      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5057620      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6411001      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6212692      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3527036      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277424      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174320      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231234217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338867     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644646     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76664      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84060199     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170599      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8026      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32142352     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16633150     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134014326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3060177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502392574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150052072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132872914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137074503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240274                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258836                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          541                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2096724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       3937653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139362107                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32949517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16669962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           88                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1163329                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133078738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32033399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  73                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48665198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17436070                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16631799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            132877178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           132872914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        71750696                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       141339059                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107985967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    126901220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12474408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1013624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229137493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183139767     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16771072      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7873892      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7787531      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116959      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9062406      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676563      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493897      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215406      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229137493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    107985967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    126901220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48260610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31690681                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16758055                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       112845565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1229152                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1215406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          367297390                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280848211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4402717                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12123857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         107985967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           126901220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    107985967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.253608                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.253608                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      657926284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     154293271                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     166361900                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19725345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16131008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1926836                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8363385                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7808443                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191601871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            111875760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19725345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9840035                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23462821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5573189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3333725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11779673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1942203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    222002458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198539637     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1274687      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2012301      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3191385      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1334971      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1499549      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1577773      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1031190      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11540965      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    222002458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      189862946                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5086885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23389752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        59318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3603555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3234599                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136638502                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3001                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3603555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      190142699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1640969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2629995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23174639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       810599                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    136559611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        24522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       235530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       301881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39381                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    189581281                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    635272890                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    635272890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    162054771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27526495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34860                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2444252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13025471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6996320                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211888                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        136370988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34958                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129158265                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158956                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17175338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38055231                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3354                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222002458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167527450     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21869380      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11964254      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8145664      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7614063      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2202837      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1697777      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581978      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399055      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222002458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30196     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93424     38.69%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117867     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108195615     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039202      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15669      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11944790      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962989      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129158265                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530733                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480719431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153582694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127089829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    129399752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       388645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2329651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          301                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8055                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3603555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1100512                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136406074                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13025471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6996320                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86196                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128801                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095825                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2224626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127327968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233426                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1830297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 128                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18194817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17917664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6961391                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127090747                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127089829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74310787                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       194120986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522234                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95190471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    116679238                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19727051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31604                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1967739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218398903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171025759     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22940691     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8935316      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4812031      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3606138      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2012491      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238494      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110013      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717970      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218398903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95190471                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    116679238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17495246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10695816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16748762                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105136767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2370326                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2717970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          352086585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         276416358                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3091107                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              21355616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95190471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           116679238                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95190471                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.556538                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.556538                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      574217588                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     176171934                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127440318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22051981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18359676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8498438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8085671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191912402                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120971336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22051981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10459634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25222471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5560826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6523474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11913015                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    227200529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201978058     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1546801      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1957256      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3096490      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1306119      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1682722      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1951536      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         892138      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12789409      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    227200529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090615                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497092                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190779824                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7765057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25102074                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11938                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3541634                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3357176                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          548                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147856016                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2239                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3541634                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190974154                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        621656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6601705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24919744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       541632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146940368                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    205229846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    683372969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    683372969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171943966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33285880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18638                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1904419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13743678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7200193                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143464303                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35825                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137730351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125974                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17253181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34991015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227200529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168831058     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26626608     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886066      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6100275      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8263702      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539736      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500415      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346544      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106125      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227200529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939925     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127198     10.69%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122823     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116028734     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883610      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17052      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12622662      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178293      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137730351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189946                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503977151                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160753959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134147109                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138920297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2567993                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          652                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           23                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3541634                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        473133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143500133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13743678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200193                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18639                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52323                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          652                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121403                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2306429                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135330735                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12418822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2399616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19596287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19141580                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7177465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.556097                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            134147688                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           134147109                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80388750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215912957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100033397                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123264563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20236177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34400                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2017614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223658895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171489440     76.67%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26437740     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596728      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786013      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375066      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1838743      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816832      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866307      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452026      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223658895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100033397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123264563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18277384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11175685                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17866941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110978234                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2545402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2452026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          364706907                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290543131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2904462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16157545                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100033397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123264563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100033397                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.432768                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.432768                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.411054                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.411054                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608956762                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187452914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136771775                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18494510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16506015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12233784                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12050495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195260513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            105031278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18494510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13159233                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23404405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4828496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2952647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11810304                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224968827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201564422     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3566097      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1798142      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3522814      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1132266      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3261062      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         515607      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         840385      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8768032      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224968827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192883617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      5374066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23358410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3333958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1754484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17304                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117500567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3333958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      193148850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       3250221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1310339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23113191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       812264                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    117332632                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       651009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153773153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    531763543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    531763543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124701713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       29071414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1759334                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21137126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3443236                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       785455                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116722289                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15798                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       109295028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70898                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21063758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43118986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224968827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177028301     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15142427      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15997068      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9313840      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4796260      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1203299      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426231      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33184      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28217      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224968827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183197     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74883     23.40%     80.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61865     19.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85718130     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857383      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19297877     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3413854      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    109295028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.449112                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443949726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137802116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106529349                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109614973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4294919                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          277                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85178                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3333958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2200887                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99652                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116738170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21137126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3443236                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7958                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39097                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          277                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989089                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       569667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1558756                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107911630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19025339                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22439023                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16404534                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3413684                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.443427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106553667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106529349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64451385                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140432612                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.437747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84842741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95527823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21215062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1459713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221634869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186067840     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13972607      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8978205      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2827494      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4689310      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914665      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580556      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531113      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3073079      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221634869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84842741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95527823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20200262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16842204                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14656564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83485571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1195436                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3073079                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          335304363                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         236822359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4337366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18389247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84842741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95527823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84842741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.868343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.868343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.348633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.348633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      501581802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138804559                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124779465                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15680                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19789785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16230876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8291515                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7745252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188966595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112411335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19789785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9778099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24741253                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5488104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6199848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11637950                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924028                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    223425930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198684677     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2681414      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3115461      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1710455      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1958677      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1085200      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         737126      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1910617      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11542303      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    223425930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187436795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7758849                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24533246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       196943                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3500095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3209747                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18139                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137217904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        89244                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3500095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187737439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2937742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3978193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24441879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       830580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137132529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       215517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       384980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    190617925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    638468131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    638468131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    163003288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27614630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36027                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2211942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13089139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7132164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188515                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574693                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        136934805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36106                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       129508941                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       179125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16922332                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39002558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4088                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223425930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168836657     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21972610      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11800058      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8159959      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7130334      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3644439      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       887184      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567809      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426880      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223425930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35599     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118223     42.25%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125982     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108413384     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2023049      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15874      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11975267      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7081367      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    129508941                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532174                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482902741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153894491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127365415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    129788745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       329200                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2288245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          767                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       143845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2456825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145341                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136971029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13089139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7132164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20115                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1128956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2212525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127601013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11250636                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1907928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18330431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17864114                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7079795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            127367547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           127365415                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75710117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       198217859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95720183                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117437200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19535165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32018                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1950931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219925835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171950454     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22247680     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9320787      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5605175      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3879376      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2507148      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298071      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046401      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070743      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219925835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95720183                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117437200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17789213                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10800894                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15974                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16807275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105874370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2389273                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2070743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354826807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         277444901                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2893083                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19932144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95720183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117437200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95720183                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.542390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.542390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393331                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393331                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      575635539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     176783506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128083321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20063242                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16416201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1960726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8260891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7894038                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073350                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89269                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193264193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112208529                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20063242                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9967388                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23419757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5351640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4580669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11823588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    224630025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      201210268     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1091329      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1733885      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2349855      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2415292      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2042169      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1143484      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1702458      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10941285      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    224630025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      191297754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6563648                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23377977                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        25609                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3365036                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3302536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    137686143                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1979                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3365036                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      191820923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1350224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4011068                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        22887008                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1195763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    137640031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       163204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       521368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    192073137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    640319511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    640319511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    166591269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25481868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3578996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12878073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6983647                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        137480423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34284                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       130587334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15149067                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36256571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1253                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224630025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169364606     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22731925     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11507642      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8685601      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6823062      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755383      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737934      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904421      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119451      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224630025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24852     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79514     36.73%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112140     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109829383     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949858      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16374      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11830148      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961571      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    130587334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536606                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486039126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152664320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128629171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    130803840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265428                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          549                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3365036                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1078226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137514847                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        28292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12878073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6983647                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17785                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          549                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1141611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2242420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128784620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11130855                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18092148                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18301001                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6961293                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            128629392                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           128629171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        73835305                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       198958032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528559                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97111755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    119494988                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18019896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1985495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221264989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172249570     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24295207     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9176524      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4373405      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3688645      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115326      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849168      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836852      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2680292      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221264989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97111755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    119494988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17707497                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10822505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17231246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       107663651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2460657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2680292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          356098905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         278394863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2928371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              18728049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97111755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           119494988                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97111755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.505959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.505959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.399049                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.399049                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      579630996                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     179181489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     127644204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243358071                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18936522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17087173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7156272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1048669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200759720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            119135340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18936522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7818328                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23556676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3112948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4815791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11522104                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    231228855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      207672179     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         839352      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1717689      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         724582      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3916792      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3482780      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         677003      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1413865      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10784613      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    231228855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199630860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5956903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23470234                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        74687                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2096166                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1662351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    139699923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2096166                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      199835210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       4291391                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1026504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23354614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       624965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    139627239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       265272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       226818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4138                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    163924310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    657673789                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    657673789                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    145493704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       18430536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        16209                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1577721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     32952424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     16669942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       810831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        139357515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16259                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       134025983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10688970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25602084                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231228855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183628332     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14239542      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11700498      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5055542      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6413150      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6211036      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3528538      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277925      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174292      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231228855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339597     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2644958     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76601      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84069003     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170857      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8026      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32144657     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16633440     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    134025983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3061156                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502412428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150066156                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132883563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    137087139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240795                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1261101                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          529                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2096166                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       3939978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139373853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32952424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16669942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       121059                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       577830                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1162079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133089983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32034999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           48667101                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17436620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         16632102                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            132887831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           132883563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        71757456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       141363019                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.546041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107991395                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126907866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12479592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1013309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229132689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183131088     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16773300      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7874150      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7788604      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116816      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9063398      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676520      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493424      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215389      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229132689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    107991395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126907866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             48261614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            31691316                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16759029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       112851540                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1229290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1215389                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          367304433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         280871351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4402033                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              12129216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         107991395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126907866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    107991395                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.253495                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.253495                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443755                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443755                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      657981264                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     154310836                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     166373879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22054424                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18362018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8479054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8079877                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93158                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191846066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            120964713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22054424                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10453201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25223126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5568003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6543252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11910545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911781                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    227161960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      201938834     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1547900      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1955488      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3093775      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1308506      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1685272      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1947016      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         891381      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12793788      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    227161960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.497065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      190713609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7784986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25102461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        11932                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3548970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3357472                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    147868541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2619                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3548970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190908432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        620432                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6621467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24919632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       543023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    146950566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        78055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       379360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    205231250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    683396841                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    683396841                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171874662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       33356588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18545                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1912533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13761149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7198478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1631402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143476518                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       137705823                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       125926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17307934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35154262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1332                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227161960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168812971     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26607262     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10888075      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6096382      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265031      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538671      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2501153      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346452      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105963      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227161960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939159     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128936     10.83%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122819     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116013561     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883030      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17045      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12615540      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176647      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    137705823                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.565857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190914                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503890446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160820838                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134125059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    138896737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102236                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2589996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          668                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           84                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3548970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        472279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59464                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143512243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13761149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7198478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51880                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          668                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2307986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135306534                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12412298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2399289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19588285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       19139373                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7175987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.555998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            134125459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           134125059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        80383045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       215892939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.551143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99993044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123214753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20298080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34388                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2017419                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223612990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171466088     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26429693     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9588930      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782765      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373040      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836373      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818814      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866300      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450987      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223612990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99993044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123214753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18269966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11171153                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             17154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17859686                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110933413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2544366                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2450987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          364674134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         290574658                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2907304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              16196114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99993044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123214753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99993044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.433750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.433750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.410889                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.410889                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      608824901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     187422492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     136760204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        34360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243358074                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20066011                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16417923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958500                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8202529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7885480                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89299                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193217292                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112248878                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20066011                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9959108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23417413                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5352827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4582245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11819855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960662                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    224585786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      201168373     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1086780      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1727860      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2349617      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2415407      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2044403      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1142704      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1705598      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10945044      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    224585786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      191249908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6566136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23375600                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        25673                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3368468                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3303768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137727793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3368468                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191770227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1359855                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4004253                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22887682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1195298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137684778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       163176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       521195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    192137916                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    640520665                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    640520665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    166586347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25551545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3575874                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12875333                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6986065                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137531517                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34143                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       130606710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15192686                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36404132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1116                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224585786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169322347     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22724001     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11504360      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8689924      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6827115      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2757097      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736724      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903816      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120402      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224585786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24954     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79476     36.67%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112298     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109845485     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951765      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16373      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11828988      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6964099      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    130606710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216728                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486033782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152758870                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128652486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130823438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2053113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          137                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          527                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101267                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3368468                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1087750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116964                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137565801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12875333                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6986065                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          527                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2240993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128807480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11131608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18095437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18303044                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6963829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            128652696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           128652486                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73847881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       198983049                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97108886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    119491551                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18074245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33026                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1983270                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221217318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172203043     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24293990     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9175411      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4377274      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3686144      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114864      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1850280      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836155      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2680157      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221217318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97108886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    119491551                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17707005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10822215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17230777                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       107660561                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2460602                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2680157                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          356102281                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         278500150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2926493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18772288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97108886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           119491551                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97108886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.506033                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.506033                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      579726432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     179211079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     127688349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         302565                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.825215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2196473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         335314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.550496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           205.409528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.017852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   951.065734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.867669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1632.081504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.202836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   957.044977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.261773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2620.074839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.807867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   963.903486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.842064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1678.621662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.508906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2609.285499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.265555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2621.969398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.837420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2242.611261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.874916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   988.162976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.854508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1633.636313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.098326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1704.760637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.316591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1211.956430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.062575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2607.776354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.007210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   995.396949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.056618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1221.553516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           319.525474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           345.486308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           316.627150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           393.552608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           315.602107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           390.904410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           415.653820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           421.563309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           460.793194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           301.117563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           379.102466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           403.871227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           353.094673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           433.677677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           286.208128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           328.851348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.049807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.029207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.079958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.051227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.079629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.080016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.068439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.049855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.052025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.036986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.079583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.030377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.009663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.012010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.014062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.011569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.013235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.008734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        24756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        24908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  547933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           171717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                171717                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2185                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        24963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   550118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24989                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        24963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        47224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        47733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        47775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        24819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  550118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                302436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 302457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                302457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5656947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701332376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5146022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3052190746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5939560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1705240119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6127064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5005322771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1687483201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5448386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3076706426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6381358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4974444068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4940103283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5656099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4393549855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1686569295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5155581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972014048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5731314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3047595193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6366671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2156192314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5804338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4932041174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6002961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729121217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6367978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2192518787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49345736884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       189512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       393305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       797716                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       422266                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1482542                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       130491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3415832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5656947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701332376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5146022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3052380258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5939560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1705240119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6127064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5005716076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1687483201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5448386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3077504142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6381358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4974444068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4940103283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5656099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4393549855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1686569295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5155581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972436314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5731314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3049077735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6366671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2156192314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5804338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4932171665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6002961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729121217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6367978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2192518787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49349152716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5656947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1701332376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5146022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3052380258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5939560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1705240119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6127064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5005716076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5797260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1687483201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5448386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3077504142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6381358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4974444068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4940103283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5656099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4393549855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5494041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1686569295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5155581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2972436314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5731314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3049077735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6366671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2156192314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5804338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4932171665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6002961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1729121217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6367978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2192518787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49349152716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              850369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       171717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            171717                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               852575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        78224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        53105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              852575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.299676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.355653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.056604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.386477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.354757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.386477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.354757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152890.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163731.342123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147029.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162540.778890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156304.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.604421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149440.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162663.636898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152559.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163896.969794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155668.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164582.562640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159533.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162521.042473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148486.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162348.525518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148844.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164066.987378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163601.638859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156229.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162582.825383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154900.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164610.305337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151587.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162866.705491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152745.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162430.548478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150074.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164162.272572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151618.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163206.698452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163160.922919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       189512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131101.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 159543.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       211133                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164726.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       130491                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162658.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152890.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163731.342123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147029.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162542.215134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156304.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.604421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149440.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162660.560083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152559.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163896.969794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155668.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164581.215145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159533.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162521.042473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148486.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162348.525518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148844.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164066.987378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163601.638859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156229.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162588.136637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154900.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164610.361982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151587.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162866.705491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152745.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162429.496624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150074.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164162.272572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151618.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163206.698452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163160.888047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152890.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163731.342123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 147029.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162542.215134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156304.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163886.604421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149440.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 162660.560083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152559.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 163896.969794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155668.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164581.215145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159533.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162521.042473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148486.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162348.525518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148844.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164066.987378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152612.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163601.638859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156229.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162588.136637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154900.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164610.361982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151587.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162866.705491                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152745.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162429.496624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150074.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164162.272572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151618.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163206.698452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163160.888047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                86463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     86463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           302436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            302457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        30429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        26779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           302457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3507505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1096245118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3110047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1958318520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1099435449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3739746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3214077445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3588667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1087960680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3410487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1987904363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4052083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3192895102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3795294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3168984182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3443633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2834208923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1086287447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3234541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1907165284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3580156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1969390479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3924652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1385246946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3164781161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3674769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1115808263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3924574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1410278056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31736700335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       130979                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       219242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       506785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       305743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       957558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        72691                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2192998                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3507505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1096245118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3110047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1958449499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1099435449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3739746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3214296687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3588667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1087960680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3410487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1988411148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4052083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3192895102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3795294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3168984182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3443633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2834208923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1086287447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3234541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1907471027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3580156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1970348037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3924652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1385246946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3164853852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3674769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1115808263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3924574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1410278056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31738893333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3507505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1096245118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3110047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1958449499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3731662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1099435449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3739746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3214296687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3588667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1087960680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3410487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1988411148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4052083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3192895102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3795294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3168984182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3443633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2834208923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3400487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1086287447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3234541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1907471027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3580156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1970348037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3924652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1385246946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3594614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3164853852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3674769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1115808263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3924574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1410278056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31738893333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.295924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.387198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.344062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.334242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.299676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.355653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.028571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.056604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.386477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.354757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.353773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.294192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.394549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.386477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.343216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.388597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.354757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94797.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105499.482052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88858.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104287.917776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98201.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105664.146949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91213.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104451.511001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94438.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105668.286713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97442.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106339.165668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101302.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104315.705110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90364.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104143.553255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90621.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105836.996266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105372.727423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98016.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104330.704814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96760.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106373.040888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93444.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104633.805121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94595.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104228.071433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91869.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105934.516567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93442.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104978.268275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104936.913380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       130979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73080.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       101357                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152871.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106395.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        72691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104428.476190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94797.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105499.482052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88858.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104289.339102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98201.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105664.146949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91213.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104448.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94438.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105668.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97442.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106337.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101302.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104315.705110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104143.553255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90621.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105836.996266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105372.727423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98016.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104336.015042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96760.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106373.051719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93444.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104633.805121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94595.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104227.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91869.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105934.516567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93442.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104978.268275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104936.878079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94797.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105499.482052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88858.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104289.339102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98201.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105664.146949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91213.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104448.452817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94438.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105668.286713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 97442.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106337.833467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101302.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104315.705110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104143.553255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90621.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105836.996266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94457.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105372.727423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98016.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104336.015042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96760.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106373.051719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93444.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104633.805121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94595.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104227.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91869.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105934.516567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93442.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104978.268275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104936.878079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              493.338741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2048421.987854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.338741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9429848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9429848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9429848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9429848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9429848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9429848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188596.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188596.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188596.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188596.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 188596.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188596.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7676751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7676751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7676751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7676751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 196839.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196839.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 196839.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196839.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 196839.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196839.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35380                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.439163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.480298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.519702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9695360334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9695360334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    138575843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138575843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9833936177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9833936177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9833936177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9833936177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106904.251025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106904.251025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 67269.826699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67269.826699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106023.979828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106023.979828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106023.979828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106023.979828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       152359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25393.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3469903111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3469903111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15814957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15814957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3485718068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3485718068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3485718068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3485718068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98646.854613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98646.854613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77146.131707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77146.131707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98522.274392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98522.274392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98522.274392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98522.274392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.652706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              928531990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1649257.531083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.533586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.119121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11804545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11804545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11804545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11804545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11804545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11804545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6548225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6548225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6548225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6548225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6548225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6548225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11804587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11804587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11804587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11804587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11804587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11804587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155910.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155910.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155910.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155910.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155910.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155910.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5638742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5638742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5638742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5638742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156631.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156631.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156631.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156631.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156631.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156631.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                53082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223401531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                53338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4188.412220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.558059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.441941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.791242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.208758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17365567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17365567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3341882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20707449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20707449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20707449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20707449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       185049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       185049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21087675893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21087675893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27751575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27751575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21115427468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21115427468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21115427468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21115427468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17550303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17550303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20892498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20892498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20892498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20892498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114150.332870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114150.332870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 88663.178914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88663.178914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114107.222779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114107.222779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114107.222779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114107.222779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       131722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       131967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       131967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5548583928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5548583928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4649529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4649529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5553233457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5553233457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5553233457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5553233457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104662.616064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104662.616064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68375.426471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68375.426471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104616.130835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104616.130835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104616.130835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104616.130835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              494.373402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011919725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2044282.272727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.373402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11911625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11911625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11911625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11911625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11911625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11911625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10124535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10124535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10124535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10124535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10124535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10124535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11911677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11911677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11911677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194702.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194702.596154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194702.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194702.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 194702.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194702.596154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8222733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8222733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8222733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8222733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205568.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205568.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205568.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205568.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205568.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205568.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                35368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              163372713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                35624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4586.029446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.481001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.518999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9506461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7064173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7064173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16570634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16570634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16570634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16570634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        90721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        92809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        92809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        92809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9716365941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9716365941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    139898066                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139898066                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9856264007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9856264007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9856264007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9856264007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9597182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7066261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7066261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16663443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16663443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16663443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16663443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107101.618600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107101.618600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67000.989464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67000.989464                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106199.441940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106199.441940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106199.441940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106199.441940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        51171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 25585.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        55560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3470475961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3470475961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     16046436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16046436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3486522397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486522397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3486522397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486522397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98702.424874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98702.424874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77519.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77519.014493                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98578.443706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98578.443706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98578.443706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98578.443706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              579.362003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1039237085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1776473.649573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.894106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.467897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.866134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11521764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11521764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11521764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11521764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11521764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11521764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8661672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8661672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8661672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8661672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8661672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8661672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11521819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11521819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11521819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11521819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11521819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11521819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157484.945455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157484.945455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157484.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157484.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157484.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157484.945455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6870129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6870129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6870129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6870129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6870129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6870129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163574.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163574.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163574.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163574.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163574.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163574.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                77998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              447469442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                78254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5718.167020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.906313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.093687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     30189130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30189130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16528987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16528987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46718117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       46718117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     46718117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      46718117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          247                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       275532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       275532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       275532                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33113068204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33113068204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22013505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22013505                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33135081709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33135081709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33135081709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33135081709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     30464415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30464415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16529234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16529234                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8071                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46993649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46993649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     46993649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46993649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120286.496554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120286.496554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89123.502024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89123.502024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120258.560563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120258.560563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120258.560563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120258.560563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           14294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       197534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        77923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        77998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        77998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        77998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8622353164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8622353164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5415427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5415427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8627768591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8627768591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8627768591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8627768591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110652.222887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110652.222887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72205.693333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72205.693333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110615.254122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110615.254122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110615.254122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110615.254122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.298493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011921209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2044285.270707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.298493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11913109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11913109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11913109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11913109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11913109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11913109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10414514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10414514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10414514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10414514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10414514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10414514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11913162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11913162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11913162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196500.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196500.264151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196500.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196500.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 196500.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196500.264151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8207802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8207802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8207802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8207802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8207802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8207802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205195.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205195.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205195.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205195.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 205195.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205195.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                35407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              163375859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                35663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4581.102515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.479668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.520332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9510551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9510551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7063467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7063467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18263                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17183                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16574018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16574018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16574018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16574018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        90685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2073                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2073                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        92758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        92758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9661227175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9661227175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    136942182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136942182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9798169357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9798169357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9798169357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9798169357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9601236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9601236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7065540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7065540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18263                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17183                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16666776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16666776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16666776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16666776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106536.110437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106536.110437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66059.904486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66059.904486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105631.528892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105631.528892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105631.528892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105631.528892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       176702                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22087.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        55481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3461552515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3461552515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15396850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15396850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3476949365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3476949365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3476949365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3476949365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98328.386405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98328.386405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75846.551724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75846.551724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98199.490637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98199.490637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98199.490637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98199.490637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              516.817158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1009857970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1949532.760618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.817158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11638225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11638225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11638225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11638225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11638225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11638225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7128222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7128222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7128222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7128222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7128222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7128222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11638268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11638268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11638268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11638268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11638268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11638268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165772.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165772.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165772.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165772.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165772.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165772.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6172214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171450.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171450.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171450.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171450.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171450.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171450.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171688334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                53846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3188.506741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.594844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.405156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8202395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8202395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6946390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6946390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15148785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15148785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15148785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15148785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       183582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3702                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       187284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       187284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23931733310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23931733310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    464204676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    464204676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24395937986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24395937986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24395937986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24395937986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8385977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8385977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6950092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6950092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15336069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15336069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15336069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15336069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130359.911702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130359.911702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125392.943274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125392.943274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130261.730773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130261.730773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130261.730773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130261.730773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       133694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       133694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5613081469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5613081469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10857877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10857877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5623939346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5623939346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5623939346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5623939346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105045.035445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105045.035445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70050.819355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70050.819355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104943.820601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104943.820601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104943.820601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104943.820601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.893770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1039236104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1779513.876712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.857649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   542.036121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11520783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11520783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11520783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11520783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11520783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11520783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9166382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9166382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9166382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9166382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9166382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9166382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11520834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11520834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11520834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11520834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11520834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11520834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179732.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179732.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179732.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179732.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179732.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179732.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7468839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7468839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7468839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 182166.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182166.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 182166.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182166.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 182166.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182166.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                78224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              447535338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                78480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5702.539985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.908050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.091950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     30229860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30229860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16554126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16554126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46783986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       46783986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     46783986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      46783986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       277569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       277569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       277569                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33212000742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33212000742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     21495499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21495499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33233496241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33233496241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33233496241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33233496241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     30507181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30507181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16554374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16554374                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47061555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47061555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     47061555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47061555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119760.136239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119760.136239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86675.399194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86675.399194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119730.575968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119730.575968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119730.575968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119730.575968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14663                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       199345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        78224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8616933617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8616933617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5352141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5352141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8622285758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8622285758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8622285758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8622285758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110262.877542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110262.877542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 71361.880000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71361.880000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110225.579848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110225.579848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110225.579848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110225.579848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              581.618292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1039238058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1773443.784983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.306795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.311497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11522737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11522737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11522737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11522737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11522737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11522737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8458836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8458836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8458836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8458836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8458836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8458836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11522791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11522791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11522791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11522791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11522791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11522791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156645.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156645.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156645.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156645.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 156645.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156645.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7001565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7001565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7001565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7001565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7001565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7001565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162827.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162827.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162827.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162827.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 162827.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162827.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                78162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              447535029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                78418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5707.044671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.907703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.092297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30230378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30230378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16553295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16553295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8090                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8090                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46783673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46783673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46783673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46783673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       276933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       277181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       277181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       277181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       277181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33128410645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33128410645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22259662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22259662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33150670307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33150670307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33150670307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33150670307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30507311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30507311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16553543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16553543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8090                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47060854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47060854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47060854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47060854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119626.085172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119626.085172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89756.701613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89756.701613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119599.360371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119599.360371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119599.360371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119599.360371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       198846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       199019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       199019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8592217232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8592217232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5464830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5464830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8597682062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8597682062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8597682062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8597682062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110033.901059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110033.901059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72864.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72864.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109998.235229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109998.235229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109998.235229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109998.235229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.354332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1014447305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1917669.763705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.354332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11779624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11779624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11779624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11779624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11779624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11779624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7612390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7612390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7612390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7612390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7612390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7612390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11779673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11779673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11779673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11779673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11779673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11779673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155354.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155354.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155354.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155354.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155354.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155354.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6217113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6217113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6217113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6217113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6217113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6217113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159413.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159413.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159413.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159413.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159413.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159413.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                69290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180358473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                69546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2593.369468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.131247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.868753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8171534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8171534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6766753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6766753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18991                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14938287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       14938287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14938287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      14938287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       175962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       176742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       176742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       176742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21259765854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21259765854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     66924342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66924342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21326690196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21326690196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21326690196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21326690196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8347496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8347496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6767533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6767533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18991                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15115029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15115029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15115029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15115029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120820.210352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120820.210352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85800.438462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85800.438462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120665.660658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120665.660658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120665.660658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120665.660658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8655                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       106801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       107452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        69290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7520436964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7520436964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8604044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8604044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7529041008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7529041008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7529041008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7529041008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108738.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108738.117783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66698.015504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66698.015504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108659.850022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108659.850022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108659.850022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108659.850022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              492.604404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011921065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2052578.225152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.604404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11912965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11912965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11912965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11912965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11912965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9646259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9646259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11913015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11913015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11913015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192925.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7704337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7704337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202745.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163375633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4586.240154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.479565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.520435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9508854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9508854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7064834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7064834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16573688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16573688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16573688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16573688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9705334657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9705334657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    141215708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    141215708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9846550365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9846550365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9846550365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9846550365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9599588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9599588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7066973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7066973                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16666561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16666561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16666561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16666561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106964.695230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106964.695230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66019.498831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66019.498831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106021.667923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106021.667923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106021.667923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106021.667923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       167451                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 16745.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3457636191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3457636191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15884640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15884640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3473520831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473520831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3473520831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473520831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98342.847948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98342.847948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76368.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76368.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98213.612435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98213.612435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98213.612435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98213.612435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              558.445369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              928537706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1655147.426025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.427531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.017839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11810261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11810261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11810261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11810261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11810261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11810261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7002931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7002931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7002931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7002931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7002931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7002931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11810304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11810304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11810304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11810304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11810304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11810304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162858.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162858.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162858.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162858.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162858.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162858.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5770399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5770399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5770399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5770399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5770399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5770399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169717.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169717.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                53105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223409633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                53361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4186.758738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.511346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.488654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.791060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.208940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17373690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17373690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3341867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20715557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20715557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20715557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20715557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       184940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       184940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       184940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20924926661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20924926661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     32032745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32032745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20956959406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20956959406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  20956959406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20956959406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17558290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17558290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3342207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7840                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20900497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20900497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20900497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20900497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113352.798814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113352.798814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94213.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94213.955882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113317.613312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113317.613312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113317.613312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113317.613312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131835                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        53105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5500927016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5500927016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4949730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4949730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5505876746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5505876746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5505876746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5505876746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103722.579730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103722.579730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70710.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.428571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103679.064984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103679.064984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103679.064984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103679.064984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.646959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009857649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1942033.940385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.646959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11637904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11637904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11637904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11637904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11637904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11637904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7595501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7595501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7595501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7595501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7595501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7595501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11637950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11637950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11637950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11637950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11637950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11637950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165119.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165119.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165119.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165119.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165119.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165119.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6465990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6465990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6465990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6465990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170157.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170157.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170157.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170157.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53969                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              171698224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                54225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3166.403393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.596132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.403868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8208267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8208267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6950351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6950351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17234                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15158618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15158618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15158618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15158618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       184754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       188470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       188470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       188470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       188470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24026656762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24026656762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    471752435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471752435                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24498409197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24498409197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24498409197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24498409197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8393021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8393021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6954067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6954067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17234                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15347088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15347088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15347088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15347088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.022013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130046.747361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130046.747361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126951.677879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126951.677879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129985.722911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129985.722911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129985.722911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129985.722911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134501                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5620543199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5620543199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11691655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11691655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5632234854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5632234854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5632234854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5632234854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104451.648374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104451.648374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73532.421384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73532.421384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104360.556134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104360.556134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104360.556134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104360.556134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.830378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1008736005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1943614.653179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    42.830378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.068638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11823534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11823534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11823534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11823534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11823534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11823534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8805423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8805423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8805423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8805423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8805423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8805423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11823588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11823588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11823588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11823588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11823588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11823588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163063.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163063.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163063.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163063.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163063.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163063.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7238282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7238282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7238282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7238282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164506.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164506.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164506.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164506.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164506.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164506.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                39755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              165650683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                40011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4140.128540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.551824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.448176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8138499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8138499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6852431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14990930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14990930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14990930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14990930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       128161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       128161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15565188984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15565188984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74870021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74870021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15640059005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15640059005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15640059005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15640059005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8265804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8265804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6853287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15119091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15119091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15119091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15119091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122266.910051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122266.910051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 87464.977804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87464.977804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122034.464502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122034.464502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122034.464502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122034.464502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4059474027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4059474027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9873465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9873465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4069347492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4069347492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4069347492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4069347492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102488.677498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102488.677498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67626.472603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67626.472603                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102360.646258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102360.646258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102360.646258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102360.646258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              579.045796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1039237377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1785631.231959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.009687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.036109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11522056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11522056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11522056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11522056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11522056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11522056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8025937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8025937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8025937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8025937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8025937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8025937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11522104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11522104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11522104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11522104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11522104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11522104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167207.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167207.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167207.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167207.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167207.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167207.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6671388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6671388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171061.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171061.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171061.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171061.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171061.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171061.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                78138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              447536578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                78394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5708.811618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.907792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.092208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     30231560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30231560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16553664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16553664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     46785224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       46785224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     46785224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      46785224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       276972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       276972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33123438632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33123438632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21502087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21502087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33144940719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33144940719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  33144940719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33144940719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     30508284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30508284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16553912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16553912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8088                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     47062196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47062196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     47062196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47062196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119698.467180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119698.467180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86701.963710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86701.963710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119668.922198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119668.922198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119668.922198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119668.922198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           15198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       198659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       198832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       198832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        78140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8585724998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8585724998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5302261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5302261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8591027259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8591027259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8591027259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8591027259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109981.745955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109981.745955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70696.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70696.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109944.039660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109944.039660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109944.039660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109944.039660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.405115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1011918592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2036053.505030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.405115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.066354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11910492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11910492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11910492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11910492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9888753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9888753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9888753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9888753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9888753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9888753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11910545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11910545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11910545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11910545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186580.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186580.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186580.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186580.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186580.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186580.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7906492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7906492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7906492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188249.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188249.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188249.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188249.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 188249.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188249.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                35352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              163367490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                35608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4587.943440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.482261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.517739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9503560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9503560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7062084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18271                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16565644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       16565644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16565644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      16565644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        90701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        92719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        92719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9763223991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9763223991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    139455387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139455387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9902679378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9902679378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9902679378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9902679378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9594261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9594261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7064102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16658363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16658363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16658363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16658363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107641.856110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107641.856110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69105.741824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69105.741824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106803.129650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106803.129650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106803.129650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106803.129650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       270611                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 38658.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        55553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        57367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        35352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3486223988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3486223988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     16072529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16072529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3502296517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3502296517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3502296517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3502296517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99186.980426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99186.980426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78786.906863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78786.906863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99069.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99069.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99069.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99069.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.044740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008732274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1943607.464355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.044740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.068982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11819803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11819803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11819803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8708801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8708801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8708801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8708801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8708801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8708801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11819855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11819855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11819855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167476.942308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167476.942308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167476.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167476.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167476.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167476.942308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7259749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7259749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7259749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7259749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7259749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7259749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164994.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164994.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164994.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164994.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164994.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164994.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165649615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4140.619282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.552302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.447698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8137818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8137818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6852190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14990008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14990008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14990008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14990008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15674989800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15674989800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77406584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77406584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15752396384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15752396384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15752396384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15752396384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8265252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8265252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6853089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17511                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15118341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15118341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15118341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15118341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123004.769528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123004.769528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86102.985539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86102.985539                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122746.264671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122746.264671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122746.264671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122746.264671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4085071702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4085071702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10125534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10125534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4095197236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4095197236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4095197236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4095197236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103160.981388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103160.981388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66615.355263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66615.355263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103021.238107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103021.238107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103021.238107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103021.238107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
