
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 384518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495985                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48715                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30806.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11845478654                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279364530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        61824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        87424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        60928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               683264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           42368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       250880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            250880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     41195881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2302875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14073127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     58254218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40598840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               455286988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2302875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           28231546                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         167171693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              167171693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         167171693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20128837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     41195881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2302875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14073127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     58254218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40598840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              622458682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         278830                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228075                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2674224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1558932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            278830                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       135816                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              323846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         79643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       162011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          165125                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3210509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2886663     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          14951      0.47%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          23379      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31750      0.99%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          33386      1.04%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          28067      0.87%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          15458      0.48%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          23975      0.75%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         152880      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3210509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.433171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2646735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       190041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          323007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        50193                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        45753                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1910719                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        50193                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2654492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         24817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       147879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          315828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        17295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1909109                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         7460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2664888                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      8876471                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      8876471                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      2281094                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         383789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           53231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       179335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        95986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        21715                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1905657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1799739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3210509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2450087     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310994      9.69%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158960      4.95%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120385      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94343      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37804      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23974      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12262      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1700      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3210509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1111     35.77%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1616     52.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1514507     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26774      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162700      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95534      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1799739                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.500083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3106                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6813583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2133767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1771461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1802845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        50193                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         20583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1906124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        32728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1774098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             248839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         251775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            95506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.492958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1771533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1771461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         1017969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2743326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.492226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1329550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1635904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        29017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3160316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2489414     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       332492     10.52%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125811      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59533      1.88%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50295      1.59%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29131      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25694      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11376      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36570      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3160316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1329550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1635904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               242371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              148162                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           235889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1473915                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        33670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        36570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            5029859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3862453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                388371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1329550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1635904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1329550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.706841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.706841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.369434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.369434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7982034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2469470                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1770927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         255638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154440                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2627090                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1447829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            255638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       171095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              320411                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         73870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        95935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.789804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2773964     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          45584      1.47%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          26382      0.85%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          44839      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          16694      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          41197      1.33%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7272      0.24%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          12505      0.40%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         125938      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3094375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071033                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.402300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2606223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       117745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          319517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          422                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        26706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1638831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1792                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2609004                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         68259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        41284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          316850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1635373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2165465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7442138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1718554                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         446901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           22746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       277012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        51794                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1623890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       668344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2437484     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215199      6.95%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207585      6.71%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123879      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69599      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18450      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21245      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          512      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3094375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2891     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1147     23.12%     81.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          924     18.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193198     79.17%     79.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12850      0.85%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249772     16.57%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51146      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.418764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6115070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61400                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        50465                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         60064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1624137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51794                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13850                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             296306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         223249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            51121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.412451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1466209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1465547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          883252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2001579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.407223                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.441278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1305047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428740                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2549526     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199989      6.57%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122168      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39962      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62853      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13465      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8818      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7841      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39288      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1145725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1305047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               265610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              215610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           198725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1145163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        17756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        39288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4628801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3298890                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 59678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                504505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1305047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1145725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.141138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.141138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.318356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.318356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6867904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1928792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1706245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         254260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1440200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            254260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       170418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              318750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         73462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       104175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3088651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2769901     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          45462      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          26160      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          44702      1.45%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          16551      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7208      0.23%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12414      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         125167      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3088651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.400180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2594323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       125848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          317855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        26462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1629530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2597090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         67999                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        49692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8461                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1626063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5985                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2152253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7398708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1707759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         444392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22594                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       276185                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        51351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1498474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3088651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435448     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213597      6.92%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206929      6.70%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123249      3.99%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69169      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18301      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21031      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          416      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3088651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2855     58.22%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     23.19%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1185892     79.14%     79.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12746      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          114      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249023     16.62%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50699      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1498474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.416372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6092080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         59856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1614969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276185                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             295153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         222061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            50675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.410118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1457851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1457189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          878344                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1987614                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.404901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.441909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1139448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3038447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547262     83.83%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198452      6.53%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121498      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39706      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62526      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13357      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8749      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7768      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39129      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3038447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1139448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1297357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               264459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              214922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           197635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1138226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        39129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4614219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3280178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 59443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                510229                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1297357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.158442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.158442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6830135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1917032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1697648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598866                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         277983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114021                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28051                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2666273                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1554146                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            277983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       135440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              322861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         79397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       156587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          164637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3199511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2876650     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14894      0.47%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          23330      0.73%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          31642      0.99%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          33291      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          27993      0.87%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          15414      0.48%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          23916      0.75%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         152381      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3199511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077242                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2642350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       184572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          322025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        50033                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        45632                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1904824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        50033                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2650082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         27809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       139467                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          314871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        17244                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1903225                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         7438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2656479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8849102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8849102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2273776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         382570                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           53082                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       178783                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        95716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        21634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1899792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1794150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       549956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3199511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2441577     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310022      9.69%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158358      4.95%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119932      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        93997      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37761      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23923      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12243      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1698      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3199511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1112     35.76%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1618     52.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1509781     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26671      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162210      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95264      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1794150                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.498532                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6791395                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2127174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1765953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1797260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3805                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31064                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        50033                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         23583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1900259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178783                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        32632                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1768591                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             248108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         251007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            95236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.491430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1766025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1765953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1014723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2734565                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.490697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371073                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1325378                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1630771                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        28932                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3149478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2480754     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331422     10.52%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125367      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59293      1.88%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50185      1.59%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29039      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25609      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11325      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36484      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3149478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1325378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1630771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               241647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              147711                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           235156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1469305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        33571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        36484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            5013141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3850463                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                399355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1325378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1630771                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1325378                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.715351                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.715351                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.368277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.368277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7957258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2461588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1765535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         277759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28034                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2663916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1552649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            277759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       135329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              322571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         79356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       165456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          164497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3204132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2881561     89.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          14882      0.46%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          23291      0.73%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31627      0.99%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          33269      1.04%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          27970      0.87%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15406      0.48%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          23896      0.75%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         152230      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3204132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2638461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       193394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          321735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        45593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1903090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2646189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       146728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          314585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        17232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1901500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2653967                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8841071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8841071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2271513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         382430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          456                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           53029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       178656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        95619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        21625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1898068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          457                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1792521                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       549761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3204132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2446952     76.37%     76.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309643      9.66%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158232      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119823      3.74%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        93914      2.93%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37746      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23890      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12237      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1695      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3204132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           375     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1109     35.80%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1614     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1508381     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26666      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          223      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162086      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95165      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1792521                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.498077                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6792741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2125373                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1795619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3801                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         25160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1898532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        32611                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1766974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             247890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         250804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            95137                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.490979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1764413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1764339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         1013753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2732010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.490247                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1324037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1629218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        28913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3154121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2486076     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331045     10.50%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125270      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59241      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50106      1.59%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29026      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25595      0.81%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11310      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36452      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3154121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1324037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1629218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               241436                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              147597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           234963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1467900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        33551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        36452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            5016159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3847057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 42227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                394748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1324037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1629218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1324037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.718111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.718111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.367903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.367903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7949950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2459254                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1763839                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         240647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92273                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          654                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2529801                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1509052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            240647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        97143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              297735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         46562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       398818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          146969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3258078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2960343     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10517      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21565      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           9131      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          48649      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          43712      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8316      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17858      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         137987      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3258078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.419312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2501036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       428079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          296416                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1029                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        31515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        21253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1769425                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        31515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2505206                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        387871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        26915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          293592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1767275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         6485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          155                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2084516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      8317002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      8317002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1803941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         280485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           31553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       412665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       206942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        10227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1676808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3258078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2653850     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185841      5.70%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149294      4.58%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64396      1.98%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80747      2.48%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75296      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42915      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3679      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2060      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3258078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4219     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31744     85.99%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          953      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056883     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14653      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399016     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206156     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1676808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.465925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36916                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6650040                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1925100                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1713724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2820                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1956                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        31515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        378341                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3454                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1761348                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7713                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8956                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        16669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1663651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             603570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         217455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           206113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.462269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1660437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1660309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          899020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1783326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.461340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.504125                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       189098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        14590                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3226563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2652736     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212051      6.57%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98578      3.06%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96425      2.99%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26651      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       109982      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8747      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6160      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15233      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3226563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1337860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1572462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               596817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              391831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           207592                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1398505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        15304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        15233                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4972890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3554715                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 55602                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                340802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1337860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1572462                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1337860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.690027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.690027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.371743                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.371743                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8213945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1934552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       2094185                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         269826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2587332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1540543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            269826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       130996                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              337674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         80808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       217846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          161088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3194806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2857132     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          36173      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          42034      1.32%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23048      0.72%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26020      0.81%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14790      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10460      0.33%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          26279      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         158870      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3194806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.074975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428062                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2565267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       240614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          334618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        43817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1879580                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2569823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         28310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       200162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          332801                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1877520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2609742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8739899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8739899                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2201401                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         408341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34743                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       179815                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        97014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        20659                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1872464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761438                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3194806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2453577     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298198      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159641      5.00%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110738      3.47%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97021      3.04%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49582      1.55%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12438      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7766      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3194806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.07%     56.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475042     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162552      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96128      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761438                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.489441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6723991                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2122056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730664                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          143                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         22500                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1872963                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179815                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16174                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        31912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             248754                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         241808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            96072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.481935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1730778                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1730664                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1029496                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2698422                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.480890                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585611                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        28232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495861     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300429      9.56%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125891      4.01%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75111      2.39%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52122      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33966      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17810      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14007      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28105      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1292325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1585611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               240088                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              145808                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           226920                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1429500                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        32263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28105                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4988182                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3797505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 41630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                404074                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1292325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1585611                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1292325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.784810                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.784810                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.359091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.359091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7822523                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2403951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1752890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         278512                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28964                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2671521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1558138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            278512                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       135459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              323767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         79789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       144203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          165111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3190583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2866816     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          14890      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          23420      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31761      1.00%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          33442      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          28098      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15423      0.48%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          23619      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         153114      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3190583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2644574                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       172261                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          322950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        45673                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1910509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2652383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         25667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       129090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          315726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        17460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1908928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2664624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8875995                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8875995                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2278162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         386433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           53709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       179650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        95796                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        40874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1905623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1799025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       556878                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3190583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2416552     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328567     10.30%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       163593      5.13%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       114384      3.59%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        91399      2.86%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37738      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24216      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12534      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1600      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3190583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1197     37.38%     49.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1626     50.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1513942     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26723      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162714      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95422      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1799025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.499885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3202                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6792163                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2135669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1770148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1802227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        50252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         21502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1906089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95796                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          235                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15854                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        32820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1772844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153066                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             248466                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         251463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            95400                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.492610                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1770234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1770148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1017182                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2742921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.491861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1327871                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1633826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        29104                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3140331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2458440     78.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343909     10.95%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124359      3.96%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58933      1.88%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        58115      1.85%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29200      0.93%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20819      0.66%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11422      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35134      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3140331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1327871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1633826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               242067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              147977                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           235609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1472032                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        33629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        35134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            5011267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3862437                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                408297                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1327871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1633826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1327871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.710263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.710263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.368968                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.368968                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7975944                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2467987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1769765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         316528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263394                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113740                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1400                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2747742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1736172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            316528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       147548                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              361185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         84624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       198513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          171891                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        3000452     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          21945      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          27753      0.83%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          44108      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          18168      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          23964      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          28062      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          13017      0.39%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         184168      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3361637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.482420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2731511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       216507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          359446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        53982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        48161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      2121658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        53982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2734731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          7959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       200404                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          356398                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      2107877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2945337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      9798984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      9798984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      2439695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         505598                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           29571                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       198644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       102546                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1223                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        23161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          2057256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1965586                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2264                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       264925                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       551533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529810     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378247     11.25%     86.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155809      4.63%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86923      2.59%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117905      3.51%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36505      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35775      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19147      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1516      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13589     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1872     10.87%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1754     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1655630     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26713      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180899      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       102103      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1965586                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.546166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17215                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7312287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1912417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1982801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1459                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        53982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          6070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2057760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102546                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          608                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17253                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        34454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1930147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             279425                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         272635                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           102075                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.536319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1912459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1912417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         1145815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         3078249                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.531392                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372229                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1419256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1748649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        30198                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3307655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566818     77.60%     77.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375890     11.36%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136170      4.12%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67889      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62053      1.88%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26175      0.79%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25698      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12219      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34743      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3307655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1419256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1748649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               259079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              158478                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           253511                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1574244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        36076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        34743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            5330652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           4169519                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 42827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                237243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1419256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1748649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1419256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.535751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.535751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.394360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.394360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        8681675                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2674410                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1960794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         316123                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113387                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2743986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1733785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            316123                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       147086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              360496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         84805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       200785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          171737                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2999089     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          21889      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          27652      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          44088      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18089      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          23855      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          27905      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         184097      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3359585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.087839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.481757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2727908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       218603                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          358785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        48024                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      2118478                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2731106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       202689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          355762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8068                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      2104890                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2941071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      9784039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      2433735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         507336                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           29325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       198199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       102312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961743                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265490                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529442     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377799     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155107      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86783      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117453      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36603      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35758      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3359585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13643     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652592     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180401      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101886      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961743                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.545098                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17259                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7302650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319811                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        54102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17168                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        34504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176903                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             278761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         271970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           101858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.535227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1908617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1908575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         1143078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         3070586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.530325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        30257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566309     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375100     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135982      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67620      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61849      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25622      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34704      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3305483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1415864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1744479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               258491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              158106                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           252899                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1570520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        36001                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        34704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            5325078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           4162731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42855                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                239295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1744479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1415864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8664413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2669079                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1957934                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         240041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14441                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          664                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2526974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1505836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            240041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        96833                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         46030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       404259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          146749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3259407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2962499     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10437      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21457      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           9053      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          48493      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          43686      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           8304      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137558      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3259407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418434                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2500611                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       431095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          295655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        21207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1765192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2504603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        388265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        30518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1763163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         5684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2079291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8298181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8298181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1803514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         275703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       411967                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       206856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        10199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1757264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675336                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3259407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2657253     81.53%     81.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184044      5.65%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148688      4.56%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64464      1.98%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80773      2.48%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75452      2.31%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43025      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3642      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2066      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3259407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4234     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31783     85.95%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          960      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055625     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14639      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398880     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206092     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675336                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465534                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022071                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1917887                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        31057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        379719                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1757475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       411967                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2064                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        16592                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397363                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             603417                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         217341                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           206054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461913                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1659156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1659033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          898310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1780885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.461004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.504418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185552                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        14517                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3228350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2655320     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211242      6.54%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98422      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96324      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26729      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110300      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8649      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15183      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3228350                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1337506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1572099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               596740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              391782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           207547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1398182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        15302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        15183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4970818                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3546446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 55572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                339334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1572099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1337506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.690635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.690635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.371659                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.371659                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8208214                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1932931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       2090878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         208650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       170157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21962                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          950                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2022608                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1233538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            208650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       100275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              253108                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       215127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          126174                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2536783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2283675     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13252      0.52%     90.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21233      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32010      1.26%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13331      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15796      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16450      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11562      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         129474      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2536783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057976                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.342756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1995991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       242417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          251246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2001054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         75331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       151032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          247833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1492427                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         1056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2041137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6955821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6955821                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1686114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         355023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           45999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       151112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        83950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4232                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487679                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1390123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519040                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2536783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1943322     76.61%     76.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241687      9.53%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133145      5.25%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86838      3.42%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79355      3.13%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24603      0.97%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17641      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6185      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4007      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2536783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           393     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1376     41.01%     52.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1586     47.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144382     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25585      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137814      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82188      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1390123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.386265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002413                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5322765                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1712206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1364927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1393478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1143                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        45610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         59382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1488010                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             212363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         185968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            82050                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.380671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1365022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1364927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          807464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2047511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.379264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1010286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2491173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1991231     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238651      9.58%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98715      3.96%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50547      2.03%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37535      1.51%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21542      0.86%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13220      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10974      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28758      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2491173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1010286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1231774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               197398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              119312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           171038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1113611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23997                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28758                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3951582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3023956                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1062097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1010286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1231774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1010286                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.562239                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.562239                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.280722                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.280722                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6218078                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1864987                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1417447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         240467                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14530                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        98084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2528174                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1507993                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            240467                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        97036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              297454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         46429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       387370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          146910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3244571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847380                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2947117     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10582      0.33%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          21545      0.66%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           9025      0.28%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          48674      1.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          43691      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8326      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          17884      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137727      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3244571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.419017                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2500642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       415382                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          296175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1005                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        21232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1767340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2504740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        369064                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        33556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          293422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1765311                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         6054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          182                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2081921                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8307318                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8307318                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1803831                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         278000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           30661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       412201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       206986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        10202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1759454                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1676809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397494                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3244571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2641452     81.41%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184677      5.69%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148724      4.58%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64791      2.00%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80768      2.49%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75473      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42995      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3624      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2067      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3244571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4225     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31743     85.95%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          965      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056881     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14660      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399018     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206150     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1676809                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.465925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36933                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022026                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6636489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1713742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20372                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2000                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        31364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        359947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1759666                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        16729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1663715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             603607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         217436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           206098                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.462287                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1660451                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1660335                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          899022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1782982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.461348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1572374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        14609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3213207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2639803     82.15%     82.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211881      6.59%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98488      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96229      2.99%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26461      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110058      3.43%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8710      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6180      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15397      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3213207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1337772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1572374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               596806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              391820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1398450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        15304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        15397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4957683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3551190                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 55588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                354309                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1337772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1572374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1337772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.690204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.690204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.371719                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.371719                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        8214369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1934704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       2093112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         240800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14474                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533240                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1509804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            240800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        97109                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              297801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         46253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       405588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          147114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3268082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.842606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2970281     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          10534      0.32%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21542      0.66%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           9109      0.28%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          48669      1.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          43850      1.34%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           8202      0.25%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          17875      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         138020      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3268082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.066910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.419521                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2507160                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       432133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          296511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1031                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        31244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        21215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1769938                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        31244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2511117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        388025                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        31327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          293833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1767889                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         6257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2084821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8319821                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8319821                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1806599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         278210                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           30301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       413352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       207420                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        10206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1761868                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399254                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3268082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.513749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2663784     81.51%     81.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185271      5.67%     87.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148812      4.55%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65083      1.99%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81153      2.48%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75386      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42918      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3620      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2055      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3268082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4207     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31729     85.99%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          961      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057464     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14652      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       400086     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206672     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.466527                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36897                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021976                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6664289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1924143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715871                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2887                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20472                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1918                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        31244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        378958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1762080                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       413352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207420                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2009                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8969                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        16703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             605141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         217831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           206627                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.462846                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1662506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1662377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          899947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1782913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.461915                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.504762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1575247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        14553                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3236838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2662378     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212070      6.55%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98614      3.05%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96509      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26814      0.83%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110291      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8710      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6165      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15287      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3236838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1340333                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1575247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               598375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              392873                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           207952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1400935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        15287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4983876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3555915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 55541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                330798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1340333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1575247                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1340333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.685064                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.685064                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.372431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.372431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        8225546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1936520                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       2096500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         269342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2583447                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1537763                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            269342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       130756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              337048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         80689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       231607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          160818                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3203979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2866931     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          36099      1.13%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          41948      1.31%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23004      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          25974      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14776      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10438      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          26231      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         158578      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3203979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.074841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.427289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2561390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       254365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          333996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        43750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1876155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2565941                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         29226                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       213002                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          332180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1874097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2604873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      8723917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      8723917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2197179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         407694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       179499                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        96852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        20608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758178                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       248688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       580986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3203979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2464112     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297663      9.29%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159354      4.97%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110488      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96881      3.02%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49485      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12418      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7738      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5840      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3203979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.09%     56.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1727     43.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472305     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27439      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162256      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95964      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758178                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.488535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2118259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1727441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        51428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         23416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1869535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179499                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        31865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             248315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         241365                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            95909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.481040                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1727555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1727441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1027578                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2693324                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.479994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1289893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       286962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        28190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2506291     79.50%     79.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299919      9.51%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125655      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74954      2.38%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52031      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33900      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17769      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13977      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28055      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1289893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1582608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               239660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              145543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           226492                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1426801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        32204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        28055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4994053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3790573                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 41528                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                394901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1582608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1289893                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.790061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.790061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.358415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.358415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7807964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2399393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1749742                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50243281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50243281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881461.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881461.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.548480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.548480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.515625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2046.996933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.996933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.387436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    89.326948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1904.285616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.043617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80851924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165348550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     246200474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80851924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165348550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      246200474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     80851924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165348550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     246200474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2887568.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 990111.077844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1262566.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2887568.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 990111.077844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1262566.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2887568.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 990111.077844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1262566.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78393524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150680904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229074428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78393524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150680904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229074428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78393524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    150680904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229074428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2799768.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902280.862275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174740.656410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2799768.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902280.862275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174740.656410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2799768.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902280.862275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174740.656410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          259                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.494349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          51362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.263546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.345632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.054159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   127.997373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1864.097186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.010769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.062499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.910204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      241103952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42139513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198964439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     241103952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832152.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 843069.656780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930903.289575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     40120113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178243639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218363752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.332394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1744352.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 755269.656780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843103.289575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          258                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.496643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.271466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.043920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   127.911585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.191506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.062457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245200867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      245200867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     245200867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860018.436441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946721.494208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860018.436441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946721.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860018.436441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946721.494208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182322794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222539062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182322794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222539062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182322794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222539062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772554.211864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859224.177606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772554.211864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859224.177606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772554.211864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859224.177606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.997469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.997469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.322058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    88.844769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1904.833174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.043381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.930094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97248204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164059558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     261307762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97248204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164059558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      261307762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97248204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164059558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     261307762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3473150.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 982392.562874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1340039.805128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3473150.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 982392.562874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1340039.805128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3473150.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 982392.562874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1340039.805128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94789804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149393251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244183055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94789804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149393251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244183055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94789804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    149393251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244183055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3385350.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 894570.365269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1252220.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3385350.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 894570.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1252220.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3385350.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 894570.365269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1252220.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.996626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         118809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        52.968792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.996626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.381818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    89.184169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1904.434013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.043547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.929899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   404                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247464709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      247464709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     247464709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          497                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        44.558350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.635377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.603676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   236.265755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1792.495192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.115364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.875242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14258584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457304874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     471563458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14258584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457304874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      471563458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14258584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    457304874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     471563458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1018470.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 942896.647423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945016.949900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1018470.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 942896.647423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945016.949900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1018470.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 942896.647423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945016.949900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13029384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    414885692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427915076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13029384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    414885692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427915076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13029384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    414885692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427915076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 930670.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 855434.416495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857545.242485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 930670.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 855434.416495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857545.242485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 930670.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 855434.416495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857545.242485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.645814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.893042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.045046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   102.064881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1836.642845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.896798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64694485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167409668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     232104153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64694485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167409668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      232104153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64694485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167409668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     232104153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2587779.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862936.432990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1059836.315068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2587779.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862936.432990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1059836.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2587779.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862936.432990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1059836.315068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62499485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150373959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212873444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62499485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150373959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212873444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62499485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150373959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212873444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499979.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775123.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 972024.858447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499979.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775123.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 972024.858447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499979.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775123.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 972024.858447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          192                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.986549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         118811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        53.040625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.986549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.658926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    87.782462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1906.558612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.042863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.930937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   406                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77327367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    138445243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     215772610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77327367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    138445243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      215772610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77327367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    138445243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     215772610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.322689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2863976.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839062.078788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123815.677083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2863976.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839062.078788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1123815.677083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2863976.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839062.078788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1123815.677083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 82                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      82                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74956767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123957240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198914007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74956767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123957240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198914007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74956767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123957240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198914007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2776176.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036010.453125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2776176.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036010.453125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2776176.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036010.453125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.122756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.122756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.969228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    44.873938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1946.156834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.950272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58722085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79668236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     138390321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58722085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79668236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      138390321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     58722085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79668236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     138390321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2796289.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875475.120879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1235627.866071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2796289.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875475.120879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1235627.866071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2796289.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 875475.120879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1235627.866071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56872285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71636141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128508426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56872285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71636141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128508426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     56872285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     71636141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128508426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708204.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 787210.340659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1147396.660714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708204.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 787210.340659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1147396.660714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2708204.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 787210.340659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1147396.660714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.962258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    44.866685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1946.171057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.021908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.950279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      132959297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53882006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     79077291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     132959297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2565809.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 868981.219780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1187136.580357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52038206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71087491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123125697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2478009.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781181.219780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1099336.580357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        44.628099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.594248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   235.424521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1793.346598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.114953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.875658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 495                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469071011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486252886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469071011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      486252886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17181875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    469071011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     486252886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              1002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               1002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              1002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.494012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.494012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975199.607069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982329.062626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975199.607069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982329.062626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1227276.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 975199.607069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982329.062626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427004989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442957664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427004989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442957664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15952675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    427004989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442957664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887744.259875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894863.967677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887744.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894863.967677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1139476.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887744.259875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894863.967677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          697                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2044.334793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        31.650255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.075882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    11.856144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   294.979710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1628.423057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.144033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.795128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.998210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 491                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 696                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14889914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    604763883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     619653797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54160806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54160806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14889914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658924689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      673814603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14889914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    658924689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     673814603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             491                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               1118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              1118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.595398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.600379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.622540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.622540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1145378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 973854.884058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977371.919558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 873561.387097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873561.387097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1145378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964750.642753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968124.429598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1145378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 964750.642753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968124.429598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                376                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     376                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13748514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    550235512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563984026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     48717000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48717000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13748514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    598952512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612701026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13748514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    598952512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612701026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.595398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.618100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1057578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 886047.523349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889564.709779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 785758.064516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785758.064516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1057578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 876943.648609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880317.566092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1057578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 876943.648609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880317.566092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          490                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         113400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        44.680851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.637674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.605253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   232.381769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1796.375304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.113468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.877136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          507                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   507                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 492                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     470310908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      470310908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12590032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    457720876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     470310908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.492492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.492492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.492492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       899288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 957575.054393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955916.479675                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 98                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      98                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11360832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    415924068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427284900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.485279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       811488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870134.033473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868465.243902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         113402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        44.471373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.633015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.594497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   235.735841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1793.036647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.115105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.875506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          509                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   509                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15234055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    474039088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     489273143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15234055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    474039088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      489273143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15234055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    474039088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     489273143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              1011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.496538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.496538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1088146.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 971391.573770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974647.695219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1088146.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 971391.573770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 974647.695219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1088146.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 971391.573770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 974647.695219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14004855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    431184799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445189654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14004855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    431184799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445189654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14004855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    431184799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445189654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.489468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1000346.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 883575.407787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886831.980080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1000346.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 883575.407787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886831.980080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1000346.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 883575.407787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886831.980080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.650945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.894927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.044241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   102.101791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1836.609985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.049854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.896782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48049071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163759414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     211808485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48049071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163759414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      211808485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48049071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    163759414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     211808485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1921962.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844120.690722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 967162.031963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1921962.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844120.690722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 967162.031963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1921962.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844120.690722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 967162.031963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45853472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146723177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192576649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45853472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146723177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192576649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45853472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146723177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192576649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834138.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756305.036082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879345.429224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834138.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756305.036082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879345.429224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1834138.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756305.036082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 879345.429224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              500.150124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746444764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1481041.198413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.150124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       165088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       165088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         165088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       165088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        165088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89278106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89278106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89278106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89278106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89278106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89278106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       165125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       165125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       165125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       165125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       165125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2412921.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2412921.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2412921.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2412921.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2412921.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2412921.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81161764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81161764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81161764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81161764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     81161764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81161764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2798681.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2798681.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2798681.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2798681.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2798681.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2798681.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112807827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             136406.078597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   170.237029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    85.762971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.664988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.335012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       112054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        93759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93759                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         205813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       205813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        205813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    608743516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    608743516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1155774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155774                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    609899290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    609899290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    609899290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    609899290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       113898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        93773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       207671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330121.212581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330121.212581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82555.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82555.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 328255.807320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 328255.807320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 328255.807320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 328255.807320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    192824521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192824521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193016821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193016821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193016821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193016821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339479.790493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339479.790493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338032.961471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.961471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338032.961471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.961471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              548.055140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643101441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1169275.347273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.012005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.043135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48906733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1438433.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42396401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766516.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150655661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             155475.398349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.744347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.255653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.631814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.368186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49741                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         270466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        270466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1038559434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1270049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039829483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421322.285598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84669.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419286.081855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231882576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232074876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326595.177465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325490.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.044911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643100666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1169273.938182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.000879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.044032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150654676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             156280.784232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   161.642233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    94.357767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.631415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.368585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1066777963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1066777963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068046068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068046068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068046068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068046068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 435241.926969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435241.926969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433108.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433108.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433108.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433108.705596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235623991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235623991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235816291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235816291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235816291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235816291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333745.029745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333745.029745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332604.077574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332604.077574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332604.077574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332604.077574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              500.081260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746444273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1481040.224206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.081260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       164597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       164597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         164597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       164597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        164597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108531707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108531707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108531707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108531707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    108531707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108531707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       164635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       164635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       164635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       164635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       164635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2856097.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2856097.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2856097.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2856097.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2856097.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2856097.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1480297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 740148.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97553274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97553274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97553274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97553274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97553274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97553274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3363906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3363906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3363906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3363906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3363906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      3363906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              112807227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             136405.353083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   169.703167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    86.296833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.662903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.337097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       111727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        93486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         205213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        205213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    627798684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    627798684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1160282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1160282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    628958966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    628958966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    628958966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    628958966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       113571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        93500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340454.817787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340454.817787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82877.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82877.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338513.975242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338513.975242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338513.975242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338513.975242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191527261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191527261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191719561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191719561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191719561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191719561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337195.882042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337195.882042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335761.052539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335761.052539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 335761.052539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335761.052539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              500.143977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746444133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1481039.946429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.143977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         164457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        164457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       164495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       164495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821974                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410987                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112807040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             136735.806061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   170.157803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    85.842197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.664679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.335321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        93391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         205029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        205029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    622915176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    622915176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1161630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1161630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624076806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    624076806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624076806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    624076806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       113478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        93405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338540.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338540.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82973.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82973.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    191950325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191950325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192142625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192142625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192142625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192142625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338536.728395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338536.728395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.602857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765427851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374197.219031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.602857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         146953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       146953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        146953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15277820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15277820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15277820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15277820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15277820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15277820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       146969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       146969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       146969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 954863.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954863.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 954863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 954863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954863.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14375238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14375238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14375238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14375238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14375238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14375238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1026802.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1026802.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1026802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1026802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1026802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1026802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  991                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287972496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             230932.234162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   103.702851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   152.297149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.405089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.594911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       374970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       579755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         579755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       579755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        579755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1932964565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1932964565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1932964565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1932964565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1932964565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1932964565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       378659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       583444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       583444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523980.635674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 523980.635674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523980.635674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 523980.635674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523980.635674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 523980.635674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495950352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495950352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495950352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495950352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    495950352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495950352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499446.477341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499446.477341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499446.477341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499446.477341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 499446.477341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499446.477341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.064751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747005656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1470483.574803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.064751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         161044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        161044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97683013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97683013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97683013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97683013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97683013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97683013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       161088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       161088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2220068.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2220068.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2220068.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2220068.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2220068.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2220068.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64976257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64976257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64976257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64976257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64976257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64976257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499086.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2499086.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499086.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2499086.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2499086.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2499086.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117758687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             127032.024811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   178.244003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    77.755997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.696266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.303734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    824187189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    824187189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104663927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    104663927                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    928851116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    928851116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    928851116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    928851116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 363078.056828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363078.056828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 646073.623457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646073.623457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381928.912829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 381928.912829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 381928.912829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 381928.912829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1897221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 474305.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200095977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200095977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200288277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200288277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200288277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200288277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299544.875749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299544.875749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298492.216095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298492.216095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298492.216095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298492.216095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              499.421087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746444747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1483985.580517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.421087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.039136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       165071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       165071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         165071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       165071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        165071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87852444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87852444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87852444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87852444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87852444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87852444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       165110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       165110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       165110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       165110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       165110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252626.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2252626.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252626.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2252626.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2252626.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2252626.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257790                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       257790                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77616258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77616258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77616258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77616258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2772009.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772009.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2772009.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772009.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2772009.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2772009.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              112807438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             136570.748184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   169.971288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    86.028712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.663950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.336050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        93639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    614383854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    614383854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1195379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1195379                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    615579233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    615579233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    615579233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    615579233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       113615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335728.881967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335728.881967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79691.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79691.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333647.280759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333647.280759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333647.280759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333647.280759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    165948486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165948486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166140786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166140786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166140786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166140786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292678.105820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292678.105820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 291475.063158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291475.063158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 291475.063158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291475.063158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              469.733948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              749898334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1568824.966527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.733948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.023612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       171859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       171859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         171859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       171859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        171859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95828332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95828332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95828332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95828332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     95828332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95828332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       171891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       171891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       171891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       171891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       171891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2994635.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2994635.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2994635.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2994635.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2994635.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2994635.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59026174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59026174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59026174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59026174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59026174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59026174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2566355.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2566355.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2566355.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2566355.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2566355.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2566355.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108919635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             150441.484807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   137.402179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   118.597821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.536727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.463273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       136084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        136084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       100095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       100095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       236179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         236179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       236179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        236179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    240105283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240105283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1077095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077095                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    241182378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241182378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    241182378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241182378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       137294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       100107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       237401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       237401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 198434.118182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198434.118182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89757.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89757.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 197366.921440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197366.921440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 197366.921440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197366.921440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104737192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104737192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104945520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104945520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    104945520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104945520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225241.273118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225241.273118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69442.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69442.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224242.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224242.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224242.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224242.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              469.725211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749898181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1568824.646444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    14.725211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.023598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         171706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        171706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85791955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       171737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       171737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2767482.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54186116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2355918.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108919090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             150648.810512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   137.394890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   118.605110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.536699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.463301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         235634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        235634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243497917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244575264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201905.403814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89778.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200800.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104068933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104277282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224286.493534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69449.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223291.824411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.593428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765427631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374196.824057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.593428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         146733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        146733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18201200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       146749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       146749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1137575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17298347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1235596.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287972393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             231861.830113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   103.625837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   152.374163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.404788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.595212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         579652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        579652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930175748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1930175748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930175748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1930175748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1930175748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1930175748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530705.457245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530705.457245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530705.457245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530705.457245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 530705.457245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530705.457245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507638454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507638454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507638454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507638454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    507638454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507638454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513804.103239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513804.103239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513804.103239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513804.103239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 513804.103239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 513804.103239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.733879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750134084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494291.003984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.733879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         126154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       126154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        126154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21955149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21955149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21955149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21955149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     21955149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21955149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       126174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       126174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       126174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1097757.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1097757.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1097757.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1097757.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1097757.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1097757.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14998008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14998008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14998008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14998008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     14998008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14998008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1153692.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1153692.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1153692.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1153692.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1153692.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1153692.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125037667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             91871.908156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.635361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.364639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.744669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.255331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        77157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         172722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        172722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          516                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1579292959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1579292959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    443916667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443916667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2023209626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2023209626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2023209626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2023209626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        98137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        98137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       175810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 614033.032271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 614033.032271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 860303.618217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860303.618217                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655184.464378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 655184.464378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 655184.464378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 655184.464378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    638307123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    638307123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     54675406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54675406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    692982529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692982529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    692982529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692982529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 611991.488974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 611991.488974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 881861.387097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881861.387097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 627133.510407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627133.510407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 627133.510407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627133.510407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.604434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765427792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374197.113106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.604434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         146894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       146894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        146894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14249982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14249982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       146910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       146910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       146910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890623.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12707296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12707296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       907664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287972539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             232423.356739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   103.725560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   152.274440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.405178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.594822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       375013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       579798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         579798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       579798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        579798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1897968464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1897968464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       378635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       583420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       583420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524011.171728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    496267447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496267447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503824.819289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.593678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765427996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1374197.479354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.593678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       147098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       147098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         147098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       147098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        147098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     16253149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16253149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     16253149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16253149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     16253149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16253149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       147114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       147114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       147114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       147114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       147114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1015821.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1015821.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1015821.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1015821.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1015821.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1015821.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15350589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15350589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15350589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15350589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15350589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15350589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1096470.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096470.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1096470.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096470.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1096470.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1096470.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287973989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             229827.604948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   103.618551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   152.381449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.404760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.595240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       375947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       581248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         581248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       581248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        581248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1939605706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1939605706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1939605706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1939605706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1939605706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1939605706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       379648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       205301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       584949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       584949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 524076.116185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 524076.116185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 524076.116185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524076.116185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 524076.116185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524076.116185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    512823706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512823706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    512823706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    512823706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    512823706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    512823706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 514366.806419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514366.806419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 514366.806419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514366.806419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 514366.806419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514366.806419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              496.062435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              747005386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1470483.043307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.062435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         160774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        160774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77455446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77455446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77455446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77455446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77455446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77455446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       160818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       160818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760351.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1760351.045455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760351.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1760351.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1760351.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1760351.045455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48333019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48333019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48333019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48333019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     48333019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48333019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858962.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858962.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858962.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858962.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858962.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1858962.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117758332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             127031.641855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   178.352265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    77.647735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.696689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.303311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         205021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        205021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    829404714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    829404714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     93000730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93000730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922405444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    922405444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    922405444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922405444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 365376.525991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365376.525991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 574078.580247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 574078.580247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379278.554276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379278.554276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 379278.554276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379278.554276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1865791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 466447.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196463602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196463602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196655902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196655902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196655902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196655902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 294107.188623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294107.188623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293078.840537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293078.840537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 293078.840537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293078.840537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
